URL: https://netmera.com/banking-and-fintech-usecases/

Banking & Fintech Use Cases

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Back

 

Banking and Finance

 

Food and Beverage

 

Media and Entertainment

 

Retail and E-commerce

 

Telecommunication

Top Banking and Finance Use Cases
 

 

 

Banking and Finance

Personalized investment  suggestions, savings plans, discounted loan offers, budgeting advice
 

You can provide personalized financial suggestions tailored to the customer’s spending habits, savings target, or income level.
Pro Tip: Create 
dynamic
 
segments
 based on user 
behavior
 and user 
profile
 
attribute
 to reach the right audience at the right time. 
 

 

Banking and Finance

Proactive notifications & reminders about account balance, payment due date, investment markets 
 

You can provide timely and personalized notifications about significant events related to financial transactions or customer accounts. 
Pro Tip: Reach your audience at the right time with 
automations
 triggered by 
behavior
 or 
profile attributes.
 
 

 

 

 

Banking and Finance

Engagement and loyalty with gamification
 

Use gamification techniques such as 
badges, contests and rewards 
to encourage customers to achieve their financial goals.
Awarding badges to customers who achieve their monthly savings goals.
Campaigns where users can participate in savings challenges to win rewards.
Gamifying personal financial habits, such as spending reduction.
Pro tip: Using 
Netmera’s Funnel
 
feature, the behavior pattern of users who completed or failed to engage with the gamification flow can be analyzed. Based on this analysis, you can re-engage and encourage users to participate in the gamification flow again.
 

 

Banking and Finance

Deliver personalized content to users who abandon the onboarding process 
 

Help users complete onboarding without friction even at complex steps. 

This allows users to continue from where they left off, 
ensuring a seamless experience and facilitating user activation.

This flow can be easily set up using custom event integration. Alternatively, the process can be simplified with Netmera’s Autotracking feature for native mobile applications.
 

 

 

 

Banking and Finance

Keep users updated about your cashback program
 

Drive more engagement and loyalty with cashback rewards programs.
Inform your users about the cashback amount earned
 when they pay with your app at a partner brand 
through personalized content, encouraging further engagement and usage.
Announce new cashback collaborations to the relevant audience by 
targeting based on profile attributes
 such as age.
 

 

Banking and Finance

Transaction updates: Enhancing engagement and trust
 

Send push notifications for all transactions such as sales, refunds, transfers and so on.
Transactional push notifications can be sent based on behavior. With Netmera’s ability to integrate with backend systems, you can communicate in a personalized way with users.
Users can view their transactions in real-time, stay informed about the process through notifications, and easily access transaction details by clicking on the push notification. Providing detailed post-transaction information not only drives app visits but also
 fosters trust and encourages continued app usage. 
 

 

 

 

Banking and Finance

Send personalized offers to users who are likely to churn or make a transaction
 

Reach your audience proactively and influence their behavior before it’s too late with Netmera’s 
AI powered segmentation. 

Our AI-driven technology can analyze past purchasing behavior patterns to 
predict the likelihood of a user churning or transacting
 within a specific number of days. Once the predictive segment is formed, you are ready to start retaining these users.

Prepare personalized campaigns tailored to the AI segment the customer belongs to.
 

 

Banking and Finance

Offer personalized deals or recommendations based on customers' location
 

Trigger push notifications or in-app messages based on location. 
You can target 
users entering/exiting a predefined area
 or 
all of the users within that area. 
Thanks to targeting based on physical location, users are urged to take the desired action.
Geofencing is available exclusively on mobile, while location-based push notifications are supported through both web and mobile integrations
 

 

 

 

Banking and Finance

Guide your users in their journeys
 

Create unique, personalized journeys to 
engage customers across channels
 and reach them wherever they are.
Personalized interactions and targeted messaging keep customers actively involved with the brand, fostering a stronger emotional connection. Strategic touchpoints throughout the customer journey lead to higher conversion rates and improved retention, encouraging repeat business and loyalty.
 
Onboarding, post-action, re-engagement, campaign announcement, gamification, cashback, review, referral flows and more…  
 

 

Banking and Finance

Show personalized content based on the ad source of the users
 

With Netmera’s partnership with Marketing Attribution Tools such as Adjust, users can see personalized content, campaign and offers after installing the app, tailored to the ad source they came from.
 

 

Contact us
 for more use cases tailored for your business.
 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent