URL: https://netmera.com/food-beverage-usecases/

Food & Beverage Use Cases

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Back

 

Banking and Finance

 

Food and Beverage

 

Media and Entertainment

 

Retail and E-commerce

 

Telecommunication

Top Food and Beverage Use Cases
 

 

 

Food and Beverage

Coupon Giveaway and Unused Coupon Reminders
 

Give away coupons on special days or during campaigns.
Send reminders to users if they do not use the coupons within a certain number of days.
Help them benefit from their coupons. 
 

 

Food and Beverage

Geofence-Based Notifications
 

Send notifications to users near your store to encourage them to place an order.
If a user accepts your offer, the order will begin preparation, and they can pick it up without waiting upon arrival at the branch.
 

 

 

 

Food and Beverage

Birthday Wishes
 

Offer treats such as free cake or coffee to your users on their birthdays to make them feel special.
 
 

 

Food and Beverage

Earning Badges with the Loyalty Program  
 

									Give special rewards or offers to users as they collect badges with each purchase. Encourage them to make their next purchase. 								

 

 

 

Food and Beverage

New Product Launches and Special Campaigns
 

Announce your seasonal or brand new products or campaigns to users.
Send push notifications with engaging visuals and descriptions for new products or campaigns.
Encourage more people to try the new products.
 

 

Food and Beverage

Location-Based Notifications for Branches Along the Route
 

Notify users traveling by car when they approach branches along their route and invite them to take a break.
Increase branch visits during the journey.
 

 

 

 

Food and Beverage

Boosting Extra Offers and Re-engagement with Geofencing
 

Send notifications to users who pass through a geofenced location. Retarget those who haven’t clicked on the previous notification by sending an even more attractive offer to re-engage them.
 

 

Food and Beverage

Activating Users Who Open the App but Take No Action
 

Send a notification to re-engage users who open the app but exit without taking any action.
Encourage them to return to the app.
 

 

 

 

Food and Beverage

Survey and App Rating for Highly Active Users​
 

Collect feedback from frequent users. Redirect those who rate the app 5 stars, and ask those who give 3 stars about their dissatisfaction.
Send a thank-you notification and offer rewards to users who give 5 stars. Ask improvement-related questions to those who rate 3 stars, and provide special offers after receiving their feedback.
 

 

Food and Beverage

Personalized Communication  Based on Badge Count
 

Send personalized notifications based on users’ badge counts to create a unique experience for each user. Users with a high badge count can receive different content from those with a lower badge count.
 

 

Contact us
 for more use cases tailored for your business.
 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent