URL: https://netmera.com/glossary/ad-tracking/

What is Ad Tracking? - Explained by Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Back to Glossary

Ad Tracking
 

What is Ad Tracking?
 

Ad Tracking is the in-market research method that follows the performance of the brand. It encompasses components such as product use and testing, advertising awareness, and attitude toward competitors. In addition, it is also known as 
ad activity tracking
 or 
post-testing
.
Have you ever wondered how an advertisement for a product you’ve just searched for online ends up in front of you? It’s because of
 advertising tracking
.
Trackers often gather information about your search history, the pages you’ve visited, your purchase history, and personal details like age or location. However, to prevent trackers from accessing your computers or devices, you can use ad blockers to limit the information they can obtain about you.
The most common trackers are 
cookies, UTM tags, or tracking pixels:
Cookies:
  
Cookies are tiny bits of information stored on users’ computers through the web browser, recording their online activities.
UTM tags: 
Marketers add snippets of code to the end of URLs to track information about website visitors, such as the source driving their visits and the number of clicks made on a webpage.
Tracking pixels:
  
Tracking pixels are 1-pixel-by-1-pixel images incorporated into websites, ad campaigns, or emails through HTML codes to monitor user activity and conversions.
 

Using UTM Tags
 

A UTM tag, also known as a UTM code, is a tracking code that marketers add to the end of a URL to monitor information about website visitors.
One of the most commonly used tracking methods is UTM tags, which marketers use to determine lead and traffic sources. Moreover, they can also track the number of page visits and conversions.
A code or tag added to a URL monitors the traffic source, the particular campaign linked to it, and the text that led the user to click and access the page.
To illustrate, here is an example of a URL with a UTM tag added:
Original URL: 
https://netmera.com/deep-linking-101/
URL with a UTM tag: 
https://netmera.com/deep-linking-101/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email
 

Examples of What You Can Track With Ad Trackers:
 

1.
 Location
2.
 Language
3.
 Type of Connection
4.
 OS, Device, and Browser in use
5.
 ISP (Internet Service Provider)
6.
 Time/Day
 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent