URL: https://netmera.com/web-engagement/

Web Engagement

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

Boost user engagement, increase conversion
 with onsite notifications, automated messages, proactive banners, pop-ups, widgets and analytics.				

 

 

 

Automated Web Push Notifications
 

Make your web notifications more useful and effective. Whether it is a daily reminder or a special offer, deliver your messages when it matters and reach your customers when they are online. Netmera’s automated push notifications help you and your customers have a more meaningful and purposeful web experience. 
 

 

Personalization with Widgets
 

It is no use how many notifications you send unless you address your users one-on-one and 
reach them with content they really care about. Netmera helps you turn every click on your 
mobile applications into personalized interaction through targeted push messages  
customized according to user actions and segments.
 

 

 

 

High Speed Push Notifications
 

It is crucial when a push notification delivers your message exactly when you need it so that you deliver an excellent customer experience. Netmera’s high speed push notification feature is fast enough to allow you to send over 
1 million push notifications
 in 
just 5 seconds
. Boost your notification speed to convert, engage, and retain more users.
 

Web Metrics
 

Netmera’s powerful web metrics help you better understand how your web service is used. You can easily access analytics on how your users react to specific notifications, pop-ups, and banners through our detailed conversion reports to deliver the most relevant content and improve user experience.
 

 

 

Get the latest growth insights

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent