URL: https://netmera.com/in-app/

In-app messages | Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 In-App Messaging 
 

Use in-app messages to 
better connect with your customers,
 understand their preferences, increase conversions and help them discover the most important features of your app.​
 

 

Request a Demo

 

 

 

 

 

Enhance User Experience with In-App Messaging
 

Drive engagement with in-app messages that boost user experience.
 

 

Send 
Dynamic, Personalized, 
and
 Engaging
 Messages
 

									Netmera helps you to better engage users who are actively using your app. You can send them targeted messages, pop-ups, or surveys that urge them to complete key in-app actions – like reaching a game level, buying an item, or subscribing to content and get their feedback on that experience.								

Target Your Customers With 
Notification Permission Off 
or
 Location off or ad_id off
 

In-app messages give you access to customers who don’t allow app notifications. With the quick buttons in the pop-up permissions you can easily direct your opt-out users to allow push and location permissions for your application.
When requesting permission, improve permission rates by explaining what content you will be sending at what intervals.
 

 

 

 

Get Valuable Feedback
 

Easily get your users’ feedback by sending them contextual surveys to rate your app. Gather user scores and opinions with free text comment fields.
Use the Netmera Survey to get effective feedback and see the results in real time. Automatically tag users based on their responses and segment them for a more personalized tracking.
 

Monitor Messaging Performance Instantly
 

									See how each messaging campaign is performing with real time analytics. Monitor every customer action with clicks, opt-ins, opens, delivery rates, and more on real-time reports screen. Follow the answers your customers give to the questions you ask, and create new target audiences to improve action and engagement.								

 

Resources
 

 

Blog

						Improve app engagement with unified data and no-code, marketer-friendly tools					

Blog

						Essential mobile app metrics for engagement, retention & revenue					

 

Connect better with your users
 

Request a Demo

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent