URL: https://netmera.com/sarmady-case-study/

Sarmady Case Study

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

How Sarmady 
increased engagement by 5X
 
with personalized push notifications
 

 

 

Sarmady
 

Established in 2001,
 Sarmady
 works as a full-fledged Digital Media House with the mission of making infinite digital innovations. They are on their way to becoming the number one digital solution provider in the MENA region. 
Sarmady creates unique content in news, entertainment, sports, automotive, city guide, and directory which they reach out to users via web, mobile-internet, mobile apps, social media, SMS, and voice.
Their brands include FilGoal in Sports, DarAlAkhbar.com in News, Akhbarak.net and more. Sarmady was fully acquired by Vodafone Egypt in 2011 and continues to create unique content for their users.
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Challenge
 

Sarmady was in need of an Omnichannel Customer Engagement platform for their brands. It was challenging for them to personalize user experience across channels including web and mobile. Sending non personalized messages could even cause opt-outs. It was important to send messages according to topics users are interested in. To send relevant and engaging content to their users, they wanted to micro-segment and target users based on events in real-time.
Moreover, FilGoal, one of Sarmady’s popular brands, was in need of sending millions of push notifications in less than a minute to their users. It was critical to send messages immediately during the sports games at instances such as when a goal is scored or a player is injured.
Likewise, Akhbarak, another popular brand of Sarmady, curates stories from different fields such as Technology, Politics, Sports, Health, Women and Lifestyle. It also needed to be fast in their notifications to send the latest news to their users.
Overall, Sarmady was looking for a reliable platform that has incredible 
scalability and performance
 to be able to send out 
personalized fast push notifications
 to their customers.
 

 

Solutions
 

Sarmady partnered with Netmera because Netmera provided an easy-to-use, self-serve Omnichannel Customer Engagement platform which allowed them to 
segment their users
 and create personalized
 campaigns on their own. They had the agility and flexibility to orchestrate their marketing campaigns quickly. 
Netmera’s powerful segmentation
 allowed them to target their users according to customer behaviors and interests.
It also enabled them to 
scale up without having any performance issues
 while sending millions of push notifications to their users. Choosing Netmera also meant 
reliability
 and that 100% of their messages were delivered without any glitch. In addition, Sarmady was also able to analyze the in-depth campaign performance easily. Last, Netmera’s constant customer support helped Sarmady to build their brands differently than their competitors.
 

Results In 12 months, 
 

10%
 

 
Increase in Pageviews by 10%								

2.5X
 

 
Average session length increased by 2.5x								

5X
 

 
increase in engagement								

20%
 

 
Active users increased by 20%								

Testimonial
 

Netmera’s ability to micro-segment and target based on events in real-time, over web and mobile, enables us to interact with our users most effectively. This is critical for our media assets where the value of content is so time-critical. We see Netmera’s omnichannel approach and consistent customer support in building our brands as a true differentiator
 

Samia Gamal
Managing Director of Sarmady
 

 

Let’s create something amazing. 
 

Request a Demo

Check other stories
 

Blog
Turkcell Case Study
Netmera's in-app survey & feedback solution improved Turkcell's App Store Ratings by 50%, increased CES by 13%, and reduced churn.
Read More
Bein Connect Case Study
beIN CONNECT grew new subscriptions 3X and active users 15% using targeted push notifications and behavior-based campaigns.
Read More
Mackolik Case Study
Delivering 20K+ daily notifications to 40M+ sessions, Mackolik improved open rates and retention 20%.
Read More
 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent