URL: https://netmera.com/glossary/mobile-engagement/

What is Mobile Engagement? - Explained by Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Back to Glossary

Mobile Engagement

 

What is Mobile Engagement?
 

Mobile Engagement refers to 
the process of interacting with customers through messaging channels
 on mobile devices, both inside and outside the application. 
It involves interactions between a brand and its audience through devices like smartphones and tablets. Moreover, it also involves strategies to connect with users, build relationships, and encourage desired actions on mobile platforms.
 Because of the widespread use of mobile devices and their role in people’s daily lives, 
mobile engagement is an important aspect
 of modern marketing and customer relationship management.
Mobile engagement is critical 
because people often use mobile devices as their main way to access the internet and interact with brands.
 
Increased customer loyalty
, 
higher conversion rates
, and 
improved brand perception
 can all be attributed to an effective mobile engagement strategy.  However, to avoid overburdening users with notifications or messages, it’s important to strike a balance between engagement and respecting their privacy and preferences. 
 

How to Engage With Your Customers Through Mobile Interactions?
 

Mobile Apps:
 
A user-friendly mobile application fosters seamless communication with customers. It provides a direct avenue for users to engage with your brand’s products, services, and content.
 To learn more about mobile applications and how to launch a mobile application, you can read our 
article about launching mobile application
.
Mobile-Friendly Websites:
 Designing your website according to mobile devices and offering a great user experience both on mobile and desktop is crucial. This helps keep users engaged when accessing content from their mobile devices.
Push Notifications:
 Short messages that are sent directly to users’ devices to notify them about updates, promotions, or relevant information, even when the app is not open is another key aspect of mobile engagement. 
In-App Messages:
 These messages are displayed within the app and can include personalized recommendations, reminders, announcements, or incentives to encourage users to interact.
SMS Marketing:
 Sending short messages to users’ mobile phones can also be an effective way of mobile engagement. Brands can share time-sensitive messages and offers, updates, and reminders to their customers through SMS Marketing.
Gamification and Interactive Content:
 Therefore, Gamification and interactive content can enhance user engagement by providing enjoyable experiences that align perfectly with your brand. 
Location-Based Engagement:
 Utilizing location-based features is another way for user engagement. Brands can offer location-specific content, promotions, recommendations, or information based on the user’s location. 
Mobile Surveys & Feedback:
 Gathering user feedback through mobile surveys can help brand improve their products and services. 
Mobile Video and Rich Media:
 Having videos, images, and interactive elements optimized for mobile devices can capture users’ attention.
To establish meaningful engagement and long-term partnerships in today’s digital ecosystem, organizations must develop tactics that correspond with users’ mobile behaviors and preferences. 
 

Mobile Engagement is Important, and Here is Why:

 

The average smartphone user picks up their device 
85 times per day.
Text messages have an
 open rate of 98%.
People consume an average of 86 
minutes
 of mobile content per day.
 

Get the latest growth insights

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent