URL: https://netmera.com/netmera-ai/

AI solutions to boost your Customer Engagement - Netmera AI

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Focus on your core tasks, let 
Netmera AI
 do the rest. 
 

Marketers just leveled up with Netmera AI
—smarter insights, faster results, and 
maximum efficiency
 like never before!
 

 

Request a Demo

Customer Data & Engagement, powered by Netmera AI.
 

Netmera AI empowers marketers to deliver excellent and personalized experiences. 
Maximize marketing impact, drive higher productivity and better results with Generative AI, Agentic AI and Predictive AI.
 

 

 

Agentic AI

Meet your new work bestie 
 

N-Assistant
 helps you work smarter and accomplish more effortlessly. Just enter your prompt to send notifications, analyze segments, build customer journeys, or schedule campaigns.
Execute your ideas in seconds as N-assistant prepares the required configuration automatically for you. Maximize your customer engagement while saving time.
 

What else can you do with N-Assistant?
 

 

Campaign Triggering

 

Action Recommendations

 

Audience Selection

 

Channel Awareness

 

Time-Based Scheduling

 

Graphics Generation

 

Behavior-Based Execution

 

Authentic Content Generation

Predictive AI

Predict, target, convert—smarter results with Predictive Segments
 

Predict user behaviors based on their past interactions. 
Netmera AI
 analyzes historical data and allows you to segment users based on their likelihood of performing specific actions in the future.
Netmera AI forecasts future user behavior, enabling
 proactive engagement strategies
 that drive conversions and retention.
Personalize experiences accordingly and deliver the most relevant experience users are likely to engage with. 
Convert more by predicting the right outcomes.
 

 

 Real-Time Prediction 

Your segments are always updated in real-time based on the most recent user behaviors.
 

 Enterprise-Grade Data Privacy & Security 

We prioritize security by 
processing data in-house with Netmera’s native machine learning technology,
 eliminating risks associated with cloud storage and ensuring 
full compliance with data protection regulations.
 

 Customizable Precision & Control  

You can 
adjust the granularity
 of your predictive segments, finding the perfect balance between precision and scale.
 

 No Hidden Costs 

Unlike others that charge extra for AI-driven segmentation, Netmera offers 
predictive analytics as a built-in feature
, ensuring 
maximum ROI without additional fees.
 

 

Predictive AI

Best Time Optimization. No more guessing.
 

Determine the ideal time to send notifications, emails, or messages based on when your users are most active. Maximize engagement and conversions by communicating with your users at the right time.
 

Generative AI

Create impactful content 
in the blink of an eye
 

Create engaging and personalized push notifications effortlessly with 
Netmera AI Text Generator.
 Netmera AI tailors your messages according to the language, industry, and use case to make high-impact message suggestions. 
 

Execute your campaigns faster than ever.
 

Get higher engagement rates as AI-generated texts are tailored for maximum impact.
 

Increase productivity and efficiency.
 

Resources
 

 

Blog

						Netmera’s MCP server: Connect your AI tools to drive user engagement					

Blog

						Predictive engagement: AI marketing for lifecycle growth & higher retention					

Blog

						AI optimization: Choosing the best push send time based on user behavior					

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent