URL: https://netmera.com/banking-and-finance/

Advanced Customer Engagement Solutions for Banking & Finance Brands.​

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

Advanced Customer Engagement Solutions for 
Banking & Finance 
Brands
 

Avoid high user acquisition costs by retaining your users proactively. 
 

Request a Demo

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Connect with your users 
every step of the journey
 

1
 

Onboarding
 

 

Onboard New Users Successfully and Convert Them Into Customers 
 

									Whether you’re trying to welcome new users or send instructions about your application to help new users with your onboarding process, you have plenty of reasons to start your engagement journey. Increase conversions with our omnichannel platform. 								

2
 

Engagement
 

Drive More Engagement with Omnichannel Approach
 

									Keep in touch with your customers with credit card payment date reminders or currency rate notifications.

Increase the number of timely credit card payments and user satisfaction.								

 

 

Use the power of location-based messages
 

Target users that are within a specified location with 
Geofencing
.
Send them personalized offers such as installment options and shopping credits while they are in a shopping mall or nearby a specific store. Increase user spendings.
 

3
 

Conversion
 

 

Drive more transactions​
 

Create additional revenue
 by promoting new credit card applications, limit increases or loan credit applications to your existing customers.
 

Reach your users 
across different channels. 
Deliver loan or credit card application offers and campaigns 
through mobile push notifications 
to users who’ve already visited relevant web pages. 
 

4
 

Retention
 

 

Improve Retention
 

Retain your users by offering them personalized discounts at the right time.
Or gain insights and act upon these proactively with surveys and feedbacks.
 

Unleash the power of a single platform that 
merges analytics and engagement
 

 

Build Precise Audiences With Powerful Segmentation
 

Easily target the right customers for your business. Retain and engage with your users in the long run and increase customer lifetime value.
Proactively reduce churn or increase conversions with 
Predictive Segments
 that can identify the users with a high propensity churn, buy more or opt-out.
 

 

Omnichannel Engagement
 

Orchestrate Your Campaigns With an Omnichannel Approach
Build connected and personalized campaigns based on different attributes like behavior, location, profiles, or payment preferences across different channels.
 

 

Funnels
 

Improve Digital Processes with Funnel Analysis
Analyze your processes step by step and understand the points that need improvement in digital customer acquisition.
Get powerful insights and know why your users drop-off. Increase retention and conversion rates through Funnels.
 

 

Data Privacy
 

									We don’t share your data with any third-party organizations under Data Privacy. We ensure continued compliance with data processor obligations under GDPR. All personal data transactions are logged step-by-step and are available only to authorized users. All your data is protected with Disaster Recovery								

 

Integration/Sources
 

									Netmera architecture allows you to visualize the data you need from any source and understand it. Feed as much real-time or asynchronous data as you want to Netmera via REST API or SDKs. Save time and workforce by quickly linking your applications to data in your existing systems with easy integration.								

 

360° Communication
 

Thanks to our integration with Adjust, you can continue to communicate with your advertising audience.
Similarly, you can make remarketing campaigns on Facebook to the audiences you already communicate through Netmera.
 

 

Discover More Content
 to Boost Customer Engagement for Banking & Finance 
 

 

 

Blog

Personalized customer engagement in financial services: What banks and fintechs need
 

 

 

Blog

Customer data protection at Netmera: GDPR compliance, data ownership, and how it works
 

 

 

Case Study

UPTION Reduces Churn Segment 16.6% with Multi-Language, Time-based Recovery Journey
 

Connect better with your users
 

Request a Demo

 

Fill out the form to access the Fintech Scenarios
 

 

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent