URL: https://netmera.com/bitalih-case-study/

BiTalih Case Study

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Success Story
 

How Bi’Talih doubled conversions with 
gamification
 

 

Bi'Talih 
 

Bi’Talih is an official and reliable fortune platform that provides horse race betting services with the electronic dealership license of the Turkish Jockey Club and virtual betting services with the National Lottery license.
 

 

Challenge
 

Bi’Talih faced the challenge of effectively engaging users to drive both new and repeat transactions in the app. Additionally, boosting customer loyalty and increasing the number of active users proved to be a difficult hurdle to overcome.
 

 

Solution
 

To overcome these challenges, Bi’Talih integrated a gamification feature called “
Spin to Win
” into the app.
 This feature
 helps make the user experience more interactive and rewarding by offering users the chance to win prizes. Bi’Talih provided special coupon codes through “
Spin to Win
” widgets, encouraging users to make purchases in the app. Their strategy focused on re-engaging inactive users or gifting coupon codes to users on
their birthdays.
 

 

Results
 

The “Spin to Win” feature helped BiTalih enhance user engagement, retain users within the app, and boost long-term user loyalty. Additionally, the rewards and coupons offered to users positively impacted both in-app interactions and overall revenue.
 

Metrics
 

0

%

Increase in Active Users:
 Both daily and monthly active users increased by over 30%
 

0

X

Boost in Conversions:
 Coupon codes incentivized users to transact more, leading to a 2X increase in conversion rates
 

0

%

High Retention Rates:
 After 28 days, the highest recorded retention rate reached 70.1%.
 

Product
 

Spin to win
 

Widget
 

Topic
 

Gamification
 

 

Testimonial
 

Netmera empowers us to take quick actions with its powerful Engagement tools. We can easily create and publish Spin-to-Win widgets without the help of IT teams. Gamifying our coupon code giveaways with spin-to-win 
uplifted our 28-day retention rates
 and gave us a 
2X boost in conversions
 compared to the previous period.
 

 

Sebati Altunyuva
Marketing Director
 

 

Check other stories
 

Blog
Turkcell Pasaj Case Study
Turkcell Pasaj cut cart abandonment and doubled conversions, increasing monthly revenue up to 150% with automated push campaigns.
Read More
Walkers App Case Study
Walkers raised active users 11.87% with Spin-to-Win gamification and targeted in-app messages for daily engagement.
Read More
Bein Connect Case Study
beIN CONNECT grew new subscriptions 3X and active users 15% using targeted push notifications and behavior-based campaigns.
Read More
 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent