URL: https://netmera.com/testing-and-experimentation/

A/B Test and Optimize Continuous Success - Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

Test, Experiment, and Optimize Conversions with Ease
 

Discover what your customers love and boost conversions with experimentation. 
Test different elements, including headlines, images, CTA’s, and layouts.
 

 

Request a Demo

 

 

All-In-One Experimentation 
 

Improve your campaigns and messages with Netmera’s easy-to-run A/B testing tools. 
Test different hero images, text, CTA’s, button shapes or colors, page layouts, and more
. Analyze and determine what works best for your target audience.
 

Integrate All Tools for Ultimate Efficiency
 

Get ready to explore A/B testing, push notifications, in-app features, pop-ups, personalization, analytics, and more in only one platform!
 Our all-in-one approach means saying goodbye to juggling multiple tools and hello to consistency across your campaigns. 
This not only saves you effort but also helps cut your costs.
 

 

 

Start Making Data-driven Decisions with Real-time Insights
 

Get instant insights into performance metrics, including click-through rates, conversion rates, user behavior, and engagement levels.
 Harness the power of Netmera’s omnichannel features to confidently re-target based on test results and deliver seamless user experiences across all channels.
 

Make Updates Without Republishing. No IT Deployment Needed!
 

Edit any features, personalize content by segments, and implement changes instantly—all without needing development time. 
Roll out new features with confidence and personalize your campaign for different audiences.
 

Benefits of A/B Testing
 

									See what you can accomplish and improve.								

 

Optimize User Experience 
 

 

Boost Conversion Rates 
 

 

Make Data-Driven Decisions 
 

 

  Reduce Customer Churn 
 

 

Enhance Personalization 
 

 

Save Engineering Time 
 

Resources
 

 

 

Blog

						How to evaluate an omnichannel marketing platform: Six questions to ask					

Blog

						AI optimization: Choosing the best push send time based on user behavior					

 

Connect better with your users
 

Request a Demo

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent