URL: https://netmera.com/turkcell-case-study/

Turkcell Case Study

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

How TURKCELL Digital Services & Solutions increased customer effort score
 

 

 

Turkcell
 

Turkcell
 is a converged telecommunication and technology services provider since 1994, which was founded and headquartered in Turkey. Turkcell is also quoted on the Borsa Istanbul Sustainability Index. Turkcell’s target has been to become an integrated communication and technology services player in the region, operating a converged mobile and fixed network platform and offering a wide range of innovative products and services.
 

Turkcell
 offers its customers voice, data, and digital services, value-added individual and corporate services over their mobile and fixed networks, and leading products. Among their products, their leading applications are 
BiP
, 
TV+
, 
fizy
, 
lifebox
, 
Game+
, 
Yaanimail
, 
UpCall
 etc.
 

 

 

Challenge
 

Turkcell needed to make sure that they were meeting customer expectations and that they were maintaining a good level of customer satisfaction.
Along with digitalization going forward at the company, it was in search of digital tools to measure metrics such as chatbot kill rate, customer journey, customer effort, and so on. 
It needed a customer engagement tool with in-app survey capabilities to collect real-time insights.
 

 

Solution
 

Netmera Customer Engagement Platform was the best fit for Turkcell. It was easy to use, offered in-depth reporting, and enabled Turkcell to be more agile.
All Turkcell had to do was use the drag-and-drop dashboard to create and publish survey & feedback campaigns. Moreover, being able to edit the campaigns quickly (adding or removing different questions or answers if necessary) whenever they needed was also very important for them.
Thanks to Netmera’s 
survey and feedback
 product, Turkcell was able to get instant feedback from its customers.
This allowed Turkcell Digital Services & Solutions
 to gain insights, detect any problem beforehand, and take effective actions faster and more efficiently. 
 

To illustrate, it was able to take quick actions if customer effort score or customer journey score were lower than average targets on service-based. Likewise, it was able to collect quick insights after a major app feature change.
Then, Turkcell Digital Services & Solutions was able to analyze these campaigns more easily and accurately. It was saving time and power with Netmera and was able to capture data constantly.
Overall, Turkcell transformed its process into the most appropriate digital method: in-app surveys & feedback.
 

The impact
 

0

%

									improvement in CES								

0

X

									increase in App store ratings								

 

Continuous, trigger-based feedback loop
 

13% improvement
 in Customer Effort Score over 10 months
50% increase 
 in App Store ratings
Real-time visibility into customer sentiment across key journey moments and feature releases
 

Testimonial
 

“Since we have started to work with Netmera, we feel like we are now capable of doing more than we could. We were already using Netmera for our push notification, pop-up and analytics needs to 
reach out to our 39.4 million subscribers
. With this product, we can now 
set up feedback forms in a few minutes and collect instant feedback
 which allows us to gain insights, and take actions more freely and fast. We can have
 real-time data
. Netmera also allows us to edit our campaigns whenever we want before publishing, and everything is editable. We feel more confident and free while working on our campaigns. Analyzing our campaigns is also easier and more measurable.”
 

 

Ataç Tansuğ
Executive Vice President, Digital Services&Solutions
 

 

 

Let’s create something amazing. 
 

Schedule a Demo

Check other stories
 

Blog
Avis Case Study
Avis Türkiye raised login conversion 350% and 28-day retention 5X with automated pushes and personalized app experiences.
Read More
Turkcell Pasaj Case Study
Turkcell Pasaj cut cart abandonment and doubled conversions, increasing monthly revenue up to 150% with automated push campaigns.
Read More
BiTalih Case Study
Bi’Talih increased retention rates 70% and doubled conversions by gamifying purchases with Spin-to-Win rewards and coupons.
Read More
 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent