URL: https://netmera.com/tamfinans-case-study/

Tam Finans Case Study

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Success Story
 

Tam Finans mobile re-engages users with 
personalized automation,
 sees 39% growth in MAU
 

 

Introduction
 

Tam Finans
 is one of Turkey’s leading non-bank financial institutions, specializing in micro SME focused factoring solutions. With 55,000+ active customers, 48 branches and 70 teams, it helps small businesses and tradespeople turn their postdated checks and invoices into cash, offering fast and accessible working capital. With the
 Tam Finans Mobile
 app, users can manage their financing needs in seconds — from uploading invoices to tracking limits and payments.
 

 

Challenge
 

Tam Finans Mobile wanted to re-engage inactive users and increase daily app activity. While the app had a strong user base, a significant portion of users became inactive after initial sign-up. The team needed a way to automate personalized outreach and bring users back into the app experience without manual effort.
 

 

Solution
 

Using Netmera’s 
push notification
, 
in-app messaging
, automation and 
segmentation capabilities
, Tam Finans Mobile launched a personalized “We Miss You” campaign targeting users who hadn’t opened the app in the last 7 days. The message was crafted to feel personal and timely, encouraging users to return and explore available financial services.
 

Results
 

By identifying the right timing and audience, and automating personalized communication, Tam Finans Mobile successfully reactivated dormant users and strengthened long-term engagement. The win-back campaign delivered impressive results within just a few months:
 

0

K

Monthly active users increased from
 22,160
 in March to 
30,940
 in June.
 

0

%

This represented a 39.62% growth in 
active user base.
 

0

%

21%
 of users who clicked the push notification 
converted
, meaning they used the 
microfactoring calculator
 on the landing page.
 

Product
 

Marketing Automation
 

Data-Driven Messaging
 

Push Notification
 

Topic
 

Inactive Users
 

Retention
 

 

 

Testimonial
 

									“With Netmera, we’re able to send automated, personalized messages triggered by user behavior, which helped us successfully bring inactive users back to the app. This strategy significantly boosted engagement and contributed to revenue growth. By combining automation, segmentation, and personalization, we achieved a major lift in active users — all while cutting campaign setup time by 50%, with zero need for developer support.”								

Esra Selen Demir
 

Growth Leader
 

 

Check other stories
 

Blog
Turkcell Pasaj Case Study
Turkcell Pasaj cut cart abandonment and doubled conversions, increasing monthly revenue up to 150% with automated push campaigns.
Read More
DenizBank Case Study
DenizBank cut bounce rates 41% and restored loan application completion to 10% using Funnel Analysis and targeted push notifications.
Read More
Fastpay Case Study
Automated push and data tracking doubled Fastpay's conversions. Comms efficiency rose 80%, and CTR 55%.
Read More
 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent