URL: https://netmera.com/glossary/bounce-rate/

What is Bounce Rate? - Explained by Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Back to Glossary

Bounce Rate
 

What is Bounce Rate?
 

									The term Bounce Rate used in web traffic analysis means that 
users leave the website in a short time
 without taking any actions like filling out a form, making a purchase, clicking a link, navigating to another page, etc. 								

What is A Good Bounce Rate? 
 

Having a %40 or lower is normal, and can differ from industry to industry or channel to channel. However, if your bounce rate is higher than %60, it is best for you to try to lower it with different strategies that may apply for your business.
 

What Can Cause a High Bounce Rate?
 

The most common ones include: 
1.
 Technical errors 
2.
 Low-quality content 
3.
 Slow website performance 
4.
 Poor User Experience (UX) 
5.
 Errors in analytics setup 
6.
 Non-mobile-friendly website design
7.
 Intrusive advertising
 

Different Kinds of Bounce Rates
 

Hard Bounce: 
This means that probably those visitors are not interested in your website at all. They enter your website and exit almost immediately. Hard bouncers have a minimum engagement, and they don’t waste any time reading or scrolling to find out what you’re offering. 
Medium Bounce: 
These types of visitors show little interest and engagement towards your website. This means that the visitors are hardly your target audience but there is still a small chance that they can be converted into customers. 
Soft Bounce: 
This means that the visitors are interested in your business and show interest in your services or products. They are your target audience, but probably lost in your website and did not find what they were looking for. The best way to convert soft bouncers into customers is to determine why they left in the first place. 
 

The average bounce rate is between 41% and 55%
“The bounce rate refers to the percentage of website visitors who leave the site after visiting only one page. An average bounce rate falls between 
41% and 55%
,
 meaning that a significant number of visitors are not engaging with the website beyond the first page. This could indicate a lack of relevant or engaging content, difficulty in navigation, or other factors that detract from the user experience.”
Forbes
 

Bounce Rate vs. Exit Rate: What's The Difference?
 

The term 
exit rate
 refers to the percentage of people who leave a particular page after visiting any number of pages on a website. Let’s say a visitor clicked on a blog post on your website. Then, using a direct link on your blog post, they also visited another page on your website. After some time, they closed the browser. This increases the exit rate.
However, bounce rate refers to people who land on a specific page and leave that specific page. For example, a visitor may visit one of your blog post pages, but exit the browser in less than a minute. This is a bounce rate, and by knowing how many people leave your page instantly, you can try to work on your content offerings, blog posts, visuals, or website designs to lower it.
 

Get the latest growth insights

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent