URL: https://netmera.com/newsroom/ayoba-to-increase-active-users-and-revenue-with-netmeras-segmented-personalized-push-notification-and-in-app-capabilities/

ayoba & Netmera Press Release

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Press Release
 

Ayoba to increase active users and revenue with Netmera's segmented & personalized push notification and in-app capabilities

 

April 04, 2023
 

LONDON, April 4, 2023 /PRNewswire-PRWeb/ — 
ayoba
 chose Netmera to help achieve its goal of becoming the leading communication platform in Africa. Africa’s all-in-one super app ayoba offers messaging, voice, and video calls to their customers. It also offers over 100 channels for news, sports, entertainment, and more. Users are also able to play offline games and listen to music.
Netmera is an omnichannel customer engagement platform that helps brands build better relationships with their customers by providing personalized experiences across channels. With this partnership, Netmera continued its expansion in Africa.
This partnership comes as a part of ayoba’s strategy to drive digital and financial inclusion across Africa. For this, ayoba aimed at increasing its customer engagement with the help of Netmera’s products.
Netmera and ayoba have already started working together, showing significant increases in active users, retention, and ROI. Netmera helped ayoba grow with its notifications, in-app messaging, and personalization. In fact, ayoba, has reached an exciting 20 million monthly active users in December 2022 during the proof of concept period. This represents a growth of 100% compared to the 10 million monthly active users recorded at the same time last year. The scalability and reliability of Netmera at high traffic proved itself too.
 

Netmera will provide ayoba with capabilities such as real-time segmentation, A/B testing and personalization to increase active users.
 

About Netmera:
Netmera is an omnichannel customer engagement platform trusted by hundreds of leading brands to create meaningful, cross-channel experiences for their customers. These channels include Mobile Push Notifications, Web Push Notifications, In-App Messaging, Web Pop-Up, SMS, and Email. Netmera has been helping brands drive engagement, retention, and growth with its self-serve platform since 2014.
About 
ayoba
:
ayoba is an all-in-one instant messaging super app open to all networks developed as a partnership initiative with MTN. It is available globally with a focus on the African continent. Key markets in MTN’s footprint include
 
Nigeria
,
 
Cameroon
,
 
South Africa
,
 
Ghana
,
 
Cote d’Ivoire
,
 
Uganda
, and The Republic of
 
Congo
, giving ayoba a strong footprint across
 
Africa
.
 

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent