URL: https://netmera.com/glossary/geotargeting/

What is Geotargeting? - Explained by Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Back to Glossary

Geotargeting
 

									
Geotargeting involves targeting customers based on their location and behavior, making it more precise and tailored to each customer. 
								

What is Geotargeting?
 

This technique involves two key actions, first is to identify customers who are located within a specific geographic area, and second is to refine the targeting of these customers based on their behaviors and interests.
Using geotargeting, which involves recording the IP address of devices coming from a specific location, the right message can be sent to the right person at the right time. The data is saved to servers and can be used to tailor the content the user sees after the user’s location has been determined using their 
IP address
, 
Wi-Fi
, or 
GPS
. Adapting the message to the user’s location, interests, behaviors, and needs is crucial in this situation.
 

What's the Difference Between Geofencing and Geotargeting?

 

Geofencing
Geotargeting
Creates a virtual “fence” around a particular geographic area.
Involves targeting customers based on their locations and behaviors.
Works on narrowed-down, more focused areas. Captures users within 200 meters.
Sets a broad geographic boundary (a city, a town, or a country).
Depends on GPS, Wi-Fi, Cellular Data, and so on.
Depends on the user’s IP address.
Used by event agencies, business owners, advertisers, etc.
Used by almost every kind of business
 

Why Geotargeting is Important
 

Geotargeting is critical because it allows businesses to deliver content, products, and services that are precisely tailored to the preferences and needs of specific geographic areas.
By providing relevant and timely information to local audiences, businesses can optimize their marketing strategies, maximize engagement, and boost conversions by leveraging location-based data.
This approach not only improves the customer experience but also enables businesses to more efficiently allocate resources and make informed decisions about expansion opportunities based on real-time insights into regional trends and demands.
 

Get the latest growth insights

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent