URL: https://netmera.com/glossary/b2c-marketing/

What is B2C Marketing? - Explained by Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Back to Glossary

B2C Marketing
 

What is B2C Marketing?
 

B2C Marketing, or Business-to-Consumer Marketing, refers to the selling of products and services by a business directly to the 
end customer
. 
It is a mix of tactics and strategies in which a company promotes its products and services to individuals.
 

B2B vs. B2C: What’s The Difference?
 

While B2B stands for business-to-business, referring to a type of transaction that takes place between one business to another business, B2C stands for business-to-consumer, as in a transaction that takes place between a business and an individual as the end customer. 
In terms of target audience, B2B targets other companies that can benefit from their services. On the other hand, B2C targets and markets to consumers directly. B2B companies use special industry terms when it comes to communication with their customers, while B2C focuses on a more common and everyday language that everyone can understand easily. Also, B2B companies’ decision-making process can take a lot more time rather than B2C companies because the consumers of B2C companies mostly do not need a lot of time to make a decision. 
 

The Challenges in B2C Marketing
 

Business-to-consumer marketing, because of its marketing audience, needs to be current with and ahead of customer behavior patterns and preferences.

 

Marketers working for a business-to-consumer company always need to be ahead of the competition and forecast marketing trends.

They need to know consumer actions and characteristics based on their previous behavior.

 

B2C is a fast-paced industry, a market that can change entirely overnight. Popularity changes fast and it is important to stay on track when it comes to marketing a B2C product.  That is why most companies and marketers use big data to market their products to individuals. But, keep in mind that not all data is meaningful when it comes to marketing. 
 

Tips for B2C Marketing
 

1.
 Know your target audience
2.
 Personalize the customer experience
3.
 Provide excellent customer service
4.
 Use multiple communication channels
5.
 Leverage social media
6.
 Implement a loyalty program
7.
 Optimize your website for mobile
8.
 Simplify the purchasing process
9.
 Collect and utilize customer feedback
10.
 Continuously analyze and optimize
 

Get the latest growth insights

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent