URL: https://netmera.com/survey-feedback/

Understand Your Customers With Survey & Feedback Solutions - Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Learn What Your Customers are Really Looking for with Surveys & Feedback
 

Improve your products, service or customer experience based on real insights.
 

 

Request a Demo

 

 

 

Surveys are the best ways to engage with customers and to get feedback.
 

Understand what your customers experience and think. Drive valuable insights quickly with ready-to-use templates on 
mobile
 and
 web sites.
Netmera allows you to connect with your users and understand what they really expect from your business. Free shipping? More choices? Assistance to help them choose a product? It’s never been easier to collect customer feedback.
Create 
survey & feedback pop-ups
 that your visitors will like in an eyeblink. Design the pop-up
 in just a few clicks using our drag-and-drop dashboard.
 Build your survey audience with our powerful segmentation features. Analyze your results with our detailed reporting.
 

An Easy Way to Know Your Customers
 

									Create general surveys that are displayed to all your visitors or a specific group. You can prepare surveys consisting of several questions or just simple questions and start collecting feedback. 								

 

 

For Engagement: Yes/No Questions
 

Catch your users’ attention with interesting Yes/No questions. Redirect them to the desired page if the answer is yes.
 
 

 

Increase your CSAT and NPS score!
 

									You can increase your CSAT and NPS scores with surveys as you will be constantly improving your products and services.								

Advanced Targeting & Features Designed for 
Your Web Engagement Needs
 

 

Abandoned Cart,  Website Feedback,  Site Intercept Surveys

 

Exit-intent triggers

 

Scroll triggers

 

Geofence & location targeting

 

Inactivity sensor

 

AI powered automation

 

Traffic source targeting

 

Device-based targeting

 

New & Returning visitors targeting

 

Retention & Conversion reporting

Resources
 

 

Blog

						2026 mobile marketing strategies and the best tools to apply them					

Blog

						How to Ensure Customer Satisfaction Through Customer Surveys					

 

Connect better with your users
 

Request a Demo

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent