URL: https://netmera.com/newsroom/mma-awards-press-release/

MMA Awards Press Release

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Press Release
 

Netmera Wins Two MMA SMARTIES Awards 2025 for Personalization & Customer Journey Excellence
 

January 15, 2026
 

ISTANBUL, January 15, 2026
 – Netmera, a leading Customer Engagement and Growth Platform, has been recognized with two prestigious awards at the 
MMA SMARTIES Awards 2025,
 honoring its innovative work with 
Turkcell Pasaj
 on a high-impact cart recovery use case.
Netmera won bronze awards in the:
Customer Journey Marketing category at SMARTIES Awards MEA 2025
Personalization category at SMARTIES Awards Türkiye 2025
Both awards were granted for Netmera’s data-driven and omnichannel 
cart recovery automation developed for Turkcell Pasaj,
 Turkcell’s leading e-commerce marketplace.
Driving Measurable Impact Through Personalized Customer Journeys
The awarded use case showcases how Netmera enabled Turkcell Pasaj to recover abandoned carts and drive measurable business impact by orchestrating highly personalized, real-time automation across channels. Following the launch of targeted push notifications, conversion rates doubled from 4% to 8%, while monthly revenues increased by up to 150%.
By leveraging behavioral data, 
predictive insights
, and dynamic content, Netmera helped Turkcell Pasaj:
Re-engage users at the right moment in their purchase journey,
Deliver personalized push notifications,
Increase cart recovery rates and overall revenue while improving customer experience.
The solution focused on user intent and product interests, using precise moments in the journey to recover abandoned carts and drive completed purchases through relevant engagement.
Recognition from MMA SMARTIES
The 
MMA SMARTIES Awards
 are among the most respected global awards in modern marketing, celebrating innovation, creativity, and effectiveness in marketing driven by technology and data. Winning across both 
MEA
 and 
Türkiye
 programs highlights Netmera’s ability to deliver scalable, high-performing personalization strategies across diverse markets.
Netmera CEO Ahmet Basaran commented on the awards, saying:
 “These awards show us that we are on the right track. We developed Netmera to enable brands to build truly data-driven customer journeys while delivering the best possible experiences to their users. We see that when you do your job right, both user satisfaction and revenue increase. We are very pleased with the positive outcomes of the strong synergy we have built with Turkcell Pasaj.”
Deniz Ertem, Digital Communication Manager at Turkcell Pasaj, stated:
 “Reaching our customers with the right offers at the right time has always been a priority for us. Thanks to this initiative implemented with Netmera, we have designed a customer experience that turns data into actionable insights, while being measurable and sustainable. This award we received with Netmera demonstrates how effective our personalization and automation-focused approach is, both in terms of user satisfaction and commercial success.”
About Netmera
Netmera is an all-in-one AI-powered Customer Engagement and Growth platform that helps brands create seamless, 
omnichannel customer journeys
. Trusted by leading enterprises including Turkcell, Starbucks, CNN Turk, beIN Connect, ING Bank, ENBD Denizbank, Edenred and Pepsi, Netmera enables brands to connect with their customers through push notifications, in-app messaging, web pop-ups, email, WhatsApp, and SMS—helping them increase conversion, retention, and lifetime value through real-time, personalized experiences.
It minimizes the dependency of marketing and product teams on IT resources. Teams can collect data, build segments, design, and orchestrate campaigns across channels without requiring coding or developer support. Built to scale, Netmera processes up to 30 billion behavioral data points and delivers 30 billion notifications per month, ensuring seamless performance even for high-traffic applications.
For more information about the award-winning Turkcell Pasaj success story, visit:
Turkcell Increases Revenue by 150% With Cart Recovery Automation
 

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent