URL: https://netmera.com/web-popup/

Netmera Web Pop-Ups.

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Increase  Conversion with Web Pop-Ups
 

Get your message in front of your audience in all the channels, 
grow constantly.
 

 

Request a Demo

Leading brands trust Netmera
 

 

 

 

 

 

Drive growth with engaging relevant messages​
 

Engage visitors with 
personalized
 web pop-ups based on different attributes. Show relevant messages that really speak to your audience with real-time data.
Make their web experience more meaningful. 
 

Easy-to-use, no code needed​
 

Visitors will never miss your important news as web pop-ups are easily noticed on your site.
User-friendly notifications that fit well with your site and branding are easy to create with Netmera’s 
drag-and-drop
 dashboard.
 

 

Tested and proven. These pre-built templates will help you drive more engagement. 
 

Whether you are launching a new product or presenting special offers; choose one of our 
pre-built templates
 that best suit your brand.
 

Announce New Products, Events, Offers 
 

A cool way to announce your new collection to your potential customers: web pop-ups.
Write the announcement, add and share links for users to easily find new products with various types such as teasers, floating bars or slide-ins.
No coding skills needed.
 

Highlight Favorite and Discounted Products
 

									Onsite notifications can be the best helper to drive website traffic to favorite and discounted products. Use the power of onsite notifications in just 3 steps: 
add a product image, write a description
 and
 call the users to the action.
 

 

 

The Most Effective Way to Promote Blog Posts
 

Notify website visitors of 
new or previously shared blog posts effectively
. Onsite notifications are also interesting for various announcements, events, and news.
 

 

Convert Web Traffic with Deferred Deep Links
 

Web pop-ups with deferred deep links capture mobile website visitors at the perfect moment. They tap the pop-up CTA, download your app if needed, and land on promoted content. Track the complete web-to-app migration journey.
 
 

Increase User Engagement with Some Fun 
 

Fun quizzes, giveaways, spin to win. Keep your users engaged while offering them some benefits. 
 

 

Advanced Targeting & Features Designed for Your Web Engagement Needs
 

 

Advanced Types (Slide-in, floating bar, lightbox, fullscreen)

 

Exit-intent triggers

 

Scroll triggers

 

Geofence & location targeting

 

Inactivity sensor

 

AI powered automation

 

Traffic source targeting

 

Device-based targeting

 

New & Returning visitors targeting

 

Retention & Conversion reporting

Boost user engagement, conversions, retention and lifetime value with Netmera.
 

49%

uplift in 
engagement
 

20%

uplift in
 retention rate

20%

uplift in 
conversion

35%

uplift in  
LTV

 

Resources
 

 

Blog

						Deferred deep linking for mobile marketing: How it works and how to get it right					

Blog

						Spin-to-win best practices for web popups & mobile apps					

 

Connect better with your users
 

Request a Demo

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent