URL: https://netmera.com/mackolik-case-study/

Mackolik Case Study

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

How Mackolik b
oosts its daily sessions with
 fast push notifications
 

 

 

Mackolik
 

Established in 2000, 
Maçkolik
 offers 
worldwide sports news, scores, predictions, and analytics
 for over 2 decades. 
As a Turkish online sports platform, they are the industry leader in sending fast push notifications – especially goal 
alerts.

The Mackolik application offers all sports lovers the results of sports competitions held in every part of the world instantly. Mackolik users get continuous updates on goals, first-half results, match results, starting lineups, red cards, match reminders, and such for all the football, basketball, tennis, and more sports organizations around the world.
 

Through its mobile app serving millions of people around the world, the sports news giant offers continuous updates of live standings, venues, referees, players, and coaches for its members at a global scale 24/7.
Users can also choose their favorite teams or players, see their favorite players’ careers and know them closer, compare between teams according to their health, condition, and more. Users are also able to follow industry news, player transfer developments, original content, and exclusive interviews.
 

 

 

Challenge
 

Dealing with sports games and live updates, Mackolik needed a reliable customer engagement platform to trust with their billions of notifications.

For an excellent customer experience, it is important for Mackolik to deliver their messages through push notifications on time. With live sports games, time is crucial, and the scores can change in seconds. Therefore, Mackolik needs a reliable and scalable platform that can send out fast push notifications in seconds without any problems.

Due to the high traffic on their application, they also need a platform that offers 24/7 fast support. Furthermore, as Mackolik offers live scores of sports organizations all over the world, they need support that can work across different time zones.
 

 

Solution
 

Netmera was the best solution with its patented high technology for Mackolik’s need to 
send 
fast push notifications
 to its millions of users.
Mackolik easily creates, edits, and automates these notifications through the easy-to-use Netmera panel. They can target and segment users and send personalized content through user preferences. For example, a Liverpool fan only gets updates on Liverpool matches and news, while a Celtic fan only gets updates on Celtic games and news.
 

Mackolik can also 
add visuals and sounds to its notifications to
 deliver more enriched
content to its users. By turning its push notification sounds into a “goal” sound, Mackolik increases its pageviews and builds a better customer experience. Knowing the “goal” sound is the notification that Maçkolik offers, Mackolik users are more inclined to open the app to see what is happening in the live game.
 

Results
 

 

 

 

 

Testimonial
 

“Netmera was the solution to our problem regarding sending push notifications to millions of users in seconds. And with them as our partner, we set Mackolik apart as a leading company in the industry and our brand is seen as the fastest and most reliable sports news source by our users. Plus, thanks to Netmera’s rich notification and personalization capabilities, we improved our open rates and retention easily.”
 

 

Engin Kehale

Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Mackolik
 

 

Let’s create something amazing. 
 

Request a Demo

Check other stories
 

Blog
Avis Case Study
Avis Türkiye raised login conversion 350% and 28-day retention 5X with automated pushes and personalized app experiences.
Read More
Turkcell Case Study
Netmera's in-app survey & feedback solution improved Turkcell's App Store Ratings by 50%, increased CES by 13%, and reduced churn.
Read More
Bein Connect Case Study
beIN CONNECT grew new subscriptions 3X and active users 15% using targeted push notifications and behavior-based campaigns.
Read More
 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent