URL: https://netmera.com/fastpay-case-study/

Fastpay Case Study

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

How fastPay 
increases its CTR by 55%
 and boosts its financial transactions
 

 

What is fastPay?
 

fastPay is an application that allows you to make your banking transactions whenever and wherever you want, without any transaction fee.
 

 

Challenge
 

Users were not completing some transactions and they exited the screen without completing the process in the mobile application because of some struggles.
 

 

Solutions​
 

Instructions were sent with Netmera’s push notification automation when users faced problems. Users’ struggle points and conversion tendencies while experiencing Fastpay were analyzed with the data storytelling method and 
Funnels
.
 

We won The Best Marketing Automation Technology award in MarTech 2023 and were shortlisted for the MMA Smarties Competition in EMEA Region for Data Insights and Impact categories with NEOHUB / fastPay. Here is the recap of the great work we accomplished together!
 

Results
 

%80
 

									The efficiency of the communications increased by almost %80 and								

%55
 

									the in-app click-through rate increased by %55								

 

									Fastpay’s complaint rate has also decreased.								

2X
 

Fastpay’s conversions doubled.
 

Testimonials
 

“We were facing some issues regarding our users not completing some transactions. To solve this problem, we partnered with Netmera to send out push notifications with help instructions when users faced problems using the application. This allowed users to quickly complete all their financial transactions. 
The efficiency of the communications and revenue increased highly after this.
 Netmera was compatible with us and enabled quick and effective solutions to our problems.”
 

Rıza Doruk Ercan
Head of GrowtHub
 

									“We made manual work dynamic with various automation scenarios we made. As a result, we both gained from manual working time and directed this time to more valuable and different areas.”								

Burak Urus

MarTech Manager
								

 

Let’s create something amazing. 
 

Request a Demo

Check other stories
 

Blog
Tam Finans Case Study
Tam Finans Mobile re-engaged inactive users with automated, personalized campaigns, boosting monthly active users by 40%.
Read More
DenizBank Super Limit Case Study
DenizBank increased Super Limit applications from 34K to 357K and drove 7X loan disbursements with targeted in-app pop-ups.
Read More
DenizBank Case Study
DenizBank cut bounce rates 41% and restored loan application completion to 10% using Funnel Analysis and targeted push notifications.
Read More
 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent