URL: https://netmera.com/glossary/net-promoter-score/

What is Net Promoter Score? - Explained by Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

Net Promoter Score

 

 

Back to Glossary

What is Net Promoter Score?
 

A one-question survey-based metric, the Net Promoter Score examines respondents’ likelihood of recommending a company, product, or service to a friend or colleague. Typically ranging from 0 to 10, the score provides insights into the brand’s overall impressions.
Moreover, companies frequently use NPS to assess customer satisfaction and identify areas for improvement.
A simple yet effective measure, it provides a quick snapshot of consumer perspective and their likelihood to recommend your business. Therefore, businesses frequently use it to analyze customer loyalty, track changes, and promote a customer-centric strategy.
Based on the scores calculated through NPS, businesses categorize customers into three different groups.
These are: 
 

1. Promoters (9-10):
 
Customers who are willing to buy more and recommend others.
 
Efforts should be made by brands to retain and encourage Promoters (9-10).
2. Passive (7-8): 
Customers who are satisfied but vulnerable to competition, and they are more likely to churn. Efforts should be made by brands to convert Passive (7-8) customers.
3. Detractors (0-6):
 
Customers who are unhappy with the brand.  
A proper analysis should be carried out by brands for Detractors (0-6), to understand the areas of issue and correct them as needed.
 

 

Why NPS (Net Promoter Score) is Important
 

Net Promoter Score (NPS) is critical because it measures customer loyalty and their willingness to recommend a brand. Moreover, it offers actionable insights into customer satisfaction. NPS is a straightforward metric that directly correlates with business growth. It highlights areas for improvement, guides customer-centric strategies, and encourages continuous enhancement of the overall customer experience by categorizing respondents as 
promoters
, 
passives
, or 
detractors
.
 

Businesses find the Net Promoter Score (NPS) a helpful tool for gathering feedback on customer experiences. Whether it’s right after using a product or months later, these insights help businesses understand user satisfaction and improve the overall customer experience.
NPS scoring works well in different industries, helping organizations measure customer satisfaction. Whether after shopping or making a purchase, businesses ask customers the NPS question to understand how they’re doing and improve the customer experience.
 

Benefits of Using NPS 

 

The Net Promoter Score (NPS) provides numerous advantages by quickly assessing customer loyalty and satisfaction based on their 
likelihood to recommend a brand
. This metric provides actionable insights to businesses, allowing them to 
improve customer experiences
,
 identify and address concerns
, 
foster brand advocates
,
 benchmark against competitors
, and 
drive organic growth
 through positive word-of-mouth marketing, ultimately guiding strategic decisions and optimizing overall business performance. 
 

Get the latest growth insights

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent