URL: https://netmera.com/glossary/super-app/

What is Super App? - Explained by Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

Super App

 

 

Back to Glossary

What is a Super App?
 

A super application is a web or mobile application that provides multiple independent services through a single interface.
A super app integrates multiple features and services rather than concentrating on a single one, acting as the hub for all of the users’ digital activities. Due to the convenience it provides users, this Asian idea has gained popularity on a global scale.
Super apps are designed to make users’ lives easier by providing a wide variety of services in one location, becoming an essential part of their daily routines. The idea of a super app keeps evolving as technology improves, adapting to shifting user needs and preferences.
 

Key Features of a Super App

 

All-in-One: 
Integrates multiple services.
Connected:
 
Services work together seamlessly.
Single Login:
 One sign-on for all features.
Cross-Promotion:
 
Encourages exploration.
Central Payments:
 
Unified transaction system.
Personalized:
 
Tailors experiences.
Convenient:
 
Simplifies digital life.
Localized:
 
Adapts to local needs.
 

“By 2027, 
Gartner
 predicts that more than 50% of the global population 
will be 
daily active users of multiple superapps.”

 

Why Super Apps are Popular
 

Super apps are increasingly popular due to their unmatched efficiency and convenience. 
They make users’ lives easier by combining various services onto a single platform, doing away with the need to manage and switch between various apps. 
By streamlining transactions through integrated payment systems, this time-saving strategy provides users with a unified experience, lessens the clutter on their devices, and offers a unified experience. 
The ability to access localized services further increases their appeal, while personalization and tailored experiences increase user engagement. Super apps, which cater to users’ preferences while streamlining their daily activities, ultimately represent a comprehensive solution to a variety of digital needs.
 

Get the latest growth insights

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent