URL: https://netmera.com/web-personalization/

Web Personalization for Omnichannel Customer Engagement - Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

Personalized web experiences 
that boost your sales
 

Meet the most advanced Web Personalization platform.
 

 

Request a Demo

 

 

 

Leading brands trust Netmera
 

 

Endless possibilities, powered by Netmera Web Personalization
 

 

 

Personalization at its best​
 

Personalize on-page elements 
without the need of coding.
 Edit all the elements you see on your site, add new elements (buttons, text, visuals) and remove existing ones.
Display the most relevant experiences based on attributes such as user behavior, interests, traffic source, demographics or segments.
 

Onsite notifications
 

Engage visitors with personalized web pop-ups and notifications. Show your audience the message that makes sense to them based on real-time data.
 

 

Learn More

 

 

Surveys & Feedback
 

									Understand what your customers experience and think. Drive valuable insights quickly with ready-to-use templates on mobile and web sites. Keep an eye on your NPS and CSAT, run these surveys and act on time.								

Test and measure ideas on your website in the blink of an eye​
 

Netmera Web Personalization gives you the agility and flexibility to test any idea – whether a huge or a tiny change- on your website easily and quickly.
You can easily experiment between your variations and find out the best performing version.
 

Increase traffic to your website
 

									Reach your users even when they are not on your site yet and redirect them to your site with special offers.								

The best way to get the results you’ve been dreaming of
 

Customized landing pages, CTA’s and communication 
tailored to your customers’ needs 
make it easier to get the results you want. Increase conversions, reduce churn, reduce cart abandonment and get better ROI’s with hyper-personalization.
 

 

Unlimited number of choice for onsite lead generation 
 

									Generate leads and collect the information you’d like with the ready-to-use pop-up templates in minutes. Whether a newsletter subscription or a social media follow us pop-up, create forms at any page of your site. 								

 

Optimize your ad spend
 

									Craft beautiful, customized experiences for your users coming from paid channels with Netmera Web Personalization’s advanced segmentation and trigger features. Users can see the related campaign message on the landing page according to the ads they come from. Even more, you can retarget your users on Facebook and Google and decrease your ad spend. 								

Measure and track performance easily 
 

									Set up events for all the user behavior you’d like to monitor with Netmera Web’s advanced analytics features. Keep track of your metrics thanks to periodic reporting.  
								

Designed for marketers, by marketers.
 

									Easily use our marketer-friendly dashboard. No coding skills needed. Launch your campaigns within minutes, design customized pop-ups and experiences for your users. 								

Goodbye Churn!
 

One audience, many messages.
 Unify your users, keep communicating with them across different channels without asking for a new opt-in permission.
 

Show 
different hero areas 
according to different segments.
 

Set up 
exit intent pop-ups
 and 
e-mails
 for specific segments.
 

Features you will love
 

 

Real-time Site Content Personalization

 

Advanced Experience Flows

 

Most Relevant Experiences

 

Advanced Triggers

 

Powerful Segmentation

 

Advanced Reporting

 

No-code User Interface

 

Ready to Use Templates

Meet a more powerful Omnichannel Customer Engagement Platform​
 

20+ Billion

Monthly Push Notifications Sent / Month

500+ Million

App Users

50TB+

Customer Data Stored

300+

Web and Mobile Applications

20+ Billion

Events Processed / Month

1000+

Developer / Month

 

Resources
 

 

Blog

						Website personalization: Best practices for higher customer engagement					

Blog

						Spin-to-win best practices for web popups & mobile apps					

 

Connect better with your users
 

Request a Demo

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent