URL: https://netmera.com/resources/

Resources - Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

Resources
 

Ebooks, infographics and guides to help you 
take your marketing to next level.
 

 

Deferred Deep Links: The Feature That Turns App Installs Into Conversions
 

This guide shows you the scenarios where deferred deep linking drives the highest conversions and how to implement them in Netmera. 
 

 

E-Book

 

WhatsApp Marketing: The Complete Handbook​
 

Practical strategies to improve activation, engagement, and conversion through WhatsApp. 
Empowered by Netmera’s omnichannel engagement platform.
 

 

E-Book

 

Customer Journeys From First Touch To Loyal Advocate
 

This handbook walks through scenarios your customers face. You’ll see how to simplify multichannel flows and personalize journeys without expansion of your team or technical overhead.
 

 

E-Book

 

Customer Journey Best Practices
 

Watch complete onboarding, engagement and conversion flows with campaign examples you can implement immediately.
 

 

Video

 

Fintech Report 2024
 

This report will unveil the industry statistics related to Turkish Fintech mobile applications, help you gather important information about Türkiye’s Fintech ecosystem, and give you great insights.
 

 

Report

 

Banking & Fintech Handbook
 

Download this guide to learn about omnichannel customer engagement solutions for Finance Services & Fintech brands.
 

 

Guide

 

Media & Entertainment Handbook
 

Download this guide to learn about omnichannel customer engagement solutions for media and entertainment brands.
 

 

Guide

 

10 Benchmark Metrics for Mobile Wallet Apps
 

									Netmera’s benchmark report gives marketers important fintech insights with real data to understand the behavior of fintech app users.								

 

Infographic

 

Mobile App Engagement: How To Retain More Users
 

Level up your mobile app strategy! Our e-book reveals expert tips to boost engagement, increase in-app time, and convert users into loyal customers. Get it now!
 

 

E-Book

 

Location Based Marketing
 

The rise of digital marketing and analysis opportunities led marketers to explore new fields that can be used to stay in touch with its customers instantly and consistently.
 

 

E-Book

 

Key Customer Engagement Facts from 2022
 

We love data at Netmera. The ending of the year feels like an opportunity to dig into more data for us. For this year, we have planned our recap of the year for you.
 

 

Infographic

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent