URL: https://netmera.com/why-netmera/

why-netmera - Get The Netmera Advantage

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

 

 

Choose The Netmera Advantage
 

Easily Process High-Volume Data and Access Real Insights
 

GET A DEMO

Why Netmera?
 

									Netmera, with its decade-long history in mobile 
engagement & analytics
, stands as the most experienced product in the market.

Trusted by 
200+
 applications, Netmera effortlessly processes 
high-volume data
, ensuring you get accurate outcomes from real user interactions without relying on sampling. Utilizing high-volume data, it provides analytical insights through user-friendly interfaces and enables you to execute campaigns such as push, SMS, and email with its journey product.								

Mobile App Analytics
 

Unlike other platforms that may use sampling, Netmera ensures complete and accurate data analysis without compromises.
 

 

Segmentation & Targeting
 

While other platforms provide segmentation and targeting features, Netmera leverages billions of customer data points for more effective segmentation and targeting. It supports real-time segments and utilizes created segments in analytical reports.
 

 

Push Notifications
 

While other platforms offer push notification features, Netmera ensures a 100% delivery rate and reliable transactional messaging, making it ideal for banks and financial institutions.
 

 

Automation
 

While other platforms offers basic messaging, Netmera’s automated messaging delivers real-time, personalized updates based on user behavior and preferences.
 

 

In-App Messaging
 

Netmera’s advanced in-app customization tool enables you to create personalized in-app user experiences and enhance user engagement. Other platforms only offer simple in-app tools.
 

 

Email & SMS Channels
 

Netmera offers easy-to-use email templates and SMS channeling to enhance user engagement, which many other platforms lack.
 

 

Web Tag Manager
 

Netmera’s Web Tag Manager allows you to manage all website tags without code editing and easily collect user behavior data. Many other platforms don’t provide this solution.
 

 

Web Pop-Ups
 

Netmera’s Web Pop-Ups feature allows you to create engaging and targeted pop-ups on your website. Other platforms don’t include web pop-up functionality.
 

 

Web Personalization
 

Netmera’s Web Personalization tools allow you to deliver tailored web experiences to your visitors. Many other platforms don’t offer web personalization.
 

 

Web A/B Test
 

Netmera’s Web A/B Test feature enables you to run experiments on your website by testing different versions of your pages. Many other platforms don’t support A/B testing for the web.
 

 

Web Analytics
 

Netmera’s Web Analytics feature allows you to track and analyze visitor behavior on your website to gain valuable insights and optimize your web presence. Other platforms usually don’t support web analytics.
 

 

Customer Journeys

 

Netmera’s Customer Journeys feature lets you design and automate personalized user journeys across multiple channels. Many other platforms don’t provide customer journey solutions.
 

 

Highspeed Notifications
 

Netmera’s high-speed push notification feature ensures that your messages are delivered promptly and reliably to your users. Other platforms don’t offer high-speed push notifications.
 

 

Fast Export and FTP
 

Netmera’s Export and FTP features enable you to quickly and efficiently export your data for further analysis and reporting. Many other platforms are slower than Netmera.
 

 

Advanced Data
 

Netmera’s Advanced Data feature provides you with highly accurate insights and fast data flow, ensuring timely and correct information to inform your decision-making processes. Many other platforms’ accuracy and speed are less optimal.
 

 

Enhanced Funnels
 

Netmera’s Enhanced Funnels feature allows you to create detailed user journey maps with custom parameters such as attributes and analyze conversion rates at each funnel stage. Other platforms lack the customization and detailed parameters offered by Netmera.
 

 

 

A comprehensive analytics and engagement platform for all your needs
 

Many other platforms are focused on mobile analytics, but Netmera, with its holistic approach and 
10 years of mobile engagement
 experience, stands out as the superior choice. Netmera ensures secure and seamless handling of high-volume data,  enabling you to understand your product and detect anomalies. With real-time generated reports, you can perform effective segmentation and drive engagement.
 

 

Unmatched Analytics and Engagement 
 

A scalable platform with integrated analytics and engagement tools
 

Netmera stands out with its scalable platform that integrates analytics and engagement tools. With over a decade of mobile application engagement experience and the capability to process data from 500 million mobile users, Netmera ensures superior insights and interaction
 

No Ongoing IT Dependency
 

Experience seamless integration with Netmera
 

Netmera excels in developer experience, ensuring a smooth and efficient integration process. Once integrated, Netmera eliminates the need for ongoing IT support, allowing your team to focus on strategic growth rather than technical maintenance.
 

 

 

Advanced Web Tool Set for Ultra-Secure Sites
 

Perfect for internet banking and corporate websites
 

Netmera offers a comprehensive web tool set designed for the highest security standards, ideal for internet banking and corporate websites. Our tools ensure robust security and seamless functionality, providing a reliable and user-friendly experience. Enhance your online platforms confidently with Netmera, knowing your security needs are met without compromising performance.
 

Dedicated Teams
 

An extension for your team
 

Our customer success managers, onboarding & integration specialists, and support teams are dedicated to driving your business growth. Consider us an extension of your team, exclusively focused on ensuring your success.
 

 

Want to Retain more Users?
 

See Netmera in action & talk to an expert and understand what we can do as a Customer Engagement Platform that can drive growth.
 

 

 

 

© 2024 — Netmera. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Twitter

 

Facebook

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent