URL: https://netmera.com/sms-marketing/

SMS Marketing - Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

A perfect part of customer experience
 

Use SMS as part of your omnichannel communication strategy to give your customers engaging, connecting and seamless brand experience across all channels.
 

 

Request a Demo

 

 

 

 

Your secret weapon for retention
 

Give your users a connected experience across all channels. Whether it’s transactional or marketing related messages, use SMS to reach your customers anywhere.
 

 

Win Back  Your Inactive Customers
 

Customers who turn off push notifications will probably forget about your application after a while. You can win back your customers by sending SMS to remind them of your application or website and give them the same end-to-end experience across all channels.
You can also automatically reach customers who have turned off the push permission via SMS with fall-back scenarios.
 

Deliver Personalized Content
 

SMS is a channel where you interact with your customers with short texts. Considering that opening rates are over 90 percent, you cannot ignore the power of it. To take full advantage of SMS marketing, use Netmera to deliver more relevant, connecting and personal text messages.

Deliver a more personal SMS communication by adding personalized info such as subscription expiry, contract renewal date in your SMS texts.
 

 

 

Drive App Installs with Deferred Deep Links
 

SMS campaigns with deferred deep links drive app installs and conversions in one message. Recipients tap the link, download your app if needed, and land on promoted content. Netmera’s universal link handles all scenarios automatically.
 

Automate Your Messages
 

									Netmera allows you to automate your SMS marketing and send triggered messages such as special offers, news and updates to the right people, at the right time based on customer actions so that you can adapt to changing customer scenarios and deliver seamless one-to-one customer experiences.								

 

Resources
 

 

Blog

						Deferred deep linking for mobile marketing: How it works and how to get it right					

Blog

						6 Important Areas You Can Use SMS For Your Business					

 

Connect better with your users
 

Request a Demo

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent