URL: https://netmera.com/glossary/permission-based-marketing/

What is Permission-Based Marketing? - Explained by Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

Permission-Based Marketing

 

 

Back to Glossary

What is Permission-Based Marketing?
 

Permission-based marketing is a type of marketing in which users prefer to send information to a marketer and allow the marketer to obtain relevant information. 
Before sending marketing materials to the recipient, marketers obtain the recipient’s permission with the form of an
 opt-in
 or 
sign-up
 process. For example, you must ask for permission using an opt-in prompt before sending an email or a push notification to the customers. 
The customer who gives the seller their phone number and email address may also give the seller some of their personal information over the Internet. As a result, advertisements and discounted products relevant to the buyer’s interests are delivered to the buyer via a variety of channels, primarily SMS and email.
The goal is to build trust. With permission marketing, brands can foster long-term relationships with their customers by providing them with relevant and valuable content that they have given permission to. 
As a result, while improving your brand, you also gain a buyer who can make future purchases. Obtaining the customer in the first place is critical to commercial success. Therefore, loyal customers associated with your products always add more to your company. 
 

Examples of Permission-Based Marketing
 

1.
 Email marketing
2.
 Chatbot marketing
3.
 SMS marketing
4.
 Web push notifications
 

 

Benefits of Permission-Based Marketing

 

Permission-based marketing offers great benefits to marketers. First of all, 
specific buyers can be targeted more accurately 
instead of a large, unknown audience. Moreover, 
more stable and higher sales
 can be achieved. And 
there is no wasted SMS or Email traffic
, so the 
marketing budget is used more appropriately
 and efficiently. 
The permission marketing method is important in finding potential customers. It provides an opportunity for the customer to reach the seller and evaluate their products. Instead of receiving random marketing messages throughout the day, customers receive marketing messages that are directly relevant to them. 
As a result, they will receive information about the products they want to buy or intend to buy. These product messages, which are tailored to their preferences, can include purchase codes and invitations that will be useful. 
However, 
customers can choose not to receive information
 messages about products that they are no longer interested in and that they have applied to unsubscribe from, and they can use the service by turning it on again when they want. 
 

Permission Marketing vs. Traditional Marketing
 

Permission marketing is a newer approach to marketing than traditional marketing. It involves getting the explicit permission of potential customers before sending marketing messages. In contrast, traditional marketing is typically less targeted and more interruptive in nature, such as television ads or direct mail campaigns.
Permission marketing allows businesses to reach customers who are more likely to be interested in their offerings, as they have explicitly stated interest. This approach can build trust with potential customers, and lead to more loyal and engaged ones over time. Traditional marketing, on the other hand, can feel intrusive and annoying to many customers.
While both approaches have their advantages, permission marketing has become more popular in recent years due to its ability to establish a loyal customer base and increase in engagement.
 

Permission-Based Marketing Best Practices
 

First, it’s crucial to 
obtain explicit consent
 from customers and maintain clear records of their consent. This can be achieved through opt-in forms, double opt-in processes, or consent checkboxes during the sign-up process.
Businesses should also provide transparent information about what types of communications customers can expect to receive, how often, and the option to easily unsubscribe or manage their preferences.
Additionally, 
personalization
 and 
relevance
 are key to successful permission-based marketing. Tailoring content to the interests and preferences of customers can greatly increase engagement and conversion rates.
Finally, it’s important to regularly 
review and update
 permission lists to ensure they remain up-to-date and compliant with applicable laws and regulations. By following these best practices, businesses can build trust, foster positive relationships, and achieve better results.
 

Get the latest growth insights

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent