URL: https://netmera.com/glossary/email-marketing/

What is Email Marketing? - Explained by Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Back to Glossary

Email Marketing
 

What is Email Marketing?
 

Email
 marketing
 is a permission-based marketing type involving a company or a brand sending emails to its target audience, accompanied by an email channel, to promote its work. 
 

Using email as a marketing channel is 
highly effective
 and also a widely used method for businesses and organizations to communicate with their target audience, build relationships, and promote their products or services.
 

In addition, it involves sending emails to a list of subscribers who have voluntarily provided their email addresses or have shown interest in the business before. These subscribers can be existing customers, potential customers, or individuals who have expressed interest in receiving updates, promotions, campaigns and offers from the business.
 

Effective marketing campaigns using email as a channel involve thoughtful planning, segmentation of the target audience, creating compelling and relevant content, designing visually appealing emails, tracking metrics (e.g., open rates, click-through rates), and optimizing campaigns based on the insights gained. Additionally, it is crucial to adhere to email regulations and obtain the necessary permissions to send commercial emails.
 

Email Marketing Statistics
 

According to 
Statista (2023)
, the share of marketers using automated emails in their marketing campaigns worldwide is 63%.
The email software market size worldwide is 1.25bn USD (
Statista, 2023
). 
 

Benefits of Using Email Marketing
 

1.
 Cost-effectiveness
2.
 Targeted and personalized communication
3.
 Increased engagement and conversion
4.
 Relationship building and customer loyalty
5.
 Measurable results and analytics
6.
 Automation and workflow efficiency
7.
 Easy sharing and forwarding
8.
 Integration with other marketing channels 
 

“Email marketing still promises to deliver the highest ROI of all marketing channels
—
$42 back for every dollar you spend
.” 
Forbes
 

Disadvantages of Email Marketing
 

While using email as a channel for your marketing campaigns has numerous benefits, it also has a few disadvantages.
Some users may consider emails as “spam”, which leads to low open and click-through rates. That is why it can be challenging to maintain a healthy email list and ensure deliverability.
Additionally, it requires careful planning and crafting compelling content to avoid being overlooked or marked as spam.
 

Email Best Practices
 

1. Review Your Process
Establish a review procedure for new mailings. This process guarantees top-notch communications by ensuring the right individuals are engaged throughout the entire journey.
2. Get On The Same Page with Other Departments
Make sure to keep other departments in the loop about your communication initiatives. This ensures that employees dealing directly with customers have the necessary information to address any inquiries related to your campaigns. You don’t want your sales team to be left unknown when a customer asks about a promotion email they have received. 
3. Organize Everything 
 Well-organized content guarantees consistency in your communications and allows for the efficient creation of new messages.
4. Try Reporting Tools
Make certain that appropriate reporting tools are set up to monitor the success of your mailings.
 

Open Rate Per Industry In 2023
 

The 
Energy industry
 sees the highest open rates for 2023 (57.04%) according to 
DMA
’s report in 2023, with the 
Telecom
 industry following it (52.48%). 
The third industry is 
Insurance
 (45.61%). The remaining are Health & Wellbeing (39.48%), Charities (37.51%), Culture and Entertainment (37.08%), Automotive (36.60%), Business Services (36.00%), Training & Education (33.31%), Travel (32.34%), Media & Publishing (32.19%), Wholesale (31.05%), Finance (29.56%), Retail & E-commerce (25.86%), Industry & Production (25.10%), Agency (18.88%), CT & Internet (13.33%), and Other (11.77%). 
 

Get the latest growth insights

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent