URL: https://netmera.com/funnels/

Spot Where Your Users Drop Off With Funnels - Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

Convert Users into Customers with 
Funnels
 

Get rich insights and spot where your users drop off. Increase retention and conversion rates.
 

Request a Demo

Benefits of Funnels
 

 

Monitor
 conversion rates according to user behavior.
 

 

Determine
 the drop-off reasons of the users.								

 

Detect
 causes of friction in user flows and fix them.
								

 

See
 user reactions to new features and changes.								

 

Discover
 areas for improvement and optimize the user experience.
								

 

Identify
 the acquisition channels of high-converting traffic.
 

 

Allocate
 your marketing budget more efficiently.
 

 

Compare
 funnels for different time periods and see the difference between user behavior.
 

Richer & More Insightful Funnels
 

									Track user behavior on your website and your mobile app. Decrease user drop offs by engaging customers with the right message, at the right time, and at the right step in the marketing funnel.								

 

Detect Causes of Friction in User Flows and Fix Them
 

Find out how many users move from one step to another and what prevents them from converting. Easily figure out UX problems that can affect your users and fix them right away.
 

Create Event-Based Funnels 
 

Create funnels by selecting events that are important for your business. Measure effectiveness of the steps and optimize user experience with Funnel Analysis.
 

 

See How Your Users React to Changes and New Updates 
 

See the effects of new deployments for maximized user experience. 
 

 

Detect Funnel Anomalies 
 

Create conversion rate thresholds and automatically get notified when an anomaly is detected. Immediately know about any abnormal increase or decrease. Identify problems and work on it quickly.
 

Resources
 

 

Blog

						How to evaluate an omnichannel marketing platform: Six questions to ask					

Blog

						Essential mobile app metrics for engagement, retention & revenue					

 

Connect better with your users
 

Request a Demo

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent