URL: https://netmera.com/glossary/personalization/

What is Personalization? - Explained by Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

Personalization

 

 

Back to Glossary

What is Personalization?
 

Personalization, one of the methods used by companies to better understand customer requests, is a process that enables the creation of unique experiences for users.
It is the practice of tailoring experiences, content, products, and interactions to individual users’ or customers’ 
specific needs
, 
preferences
, and 
behaviors.
 Moreover, data, insights, and technology are used to create relevant and targeted experiences that resonate with each individual,
 increasing engagement 
and 
satisfaction
. Additionally, personalization can be used in a variety of contexts, including marketing, e-commerce, customer service, and user interfaces, to provide a more meaningful and relevant experience for the recipient. 
 

 “Despite all the personalization initiatives underway, only 
12%
 of consumers feel like current brand personalization efforts meet their expectations, so there is an enormous opportunity to fill that gap. “
– Gartner 
 

Why Personalization is Important
 

Improves Engagement:
 Personalized experiences capture and maintain users’ attention. Additionally, this increases their likelihood of interacting with content and offerings. 
Enhances Customer Satisfaction:
 Offering relevant and tailored experiences to customers demonstrates that the brand understands and values its customers, therefore leads to increased satisfaction scores. 
Boost Conversions:
 Personalized recommendations and offers nurture customers’ specific needs, which leads to higher conversion rates and sales. 
Drives Brand Loyalty:
 Personalization leads to a stronger connection between customers and the brand. Therefore, it encourages repeat purchases and brand advocacy. 
Increase in ROI:
 Personalized campaigns reduce wasted efforts and resources, resulting in a better return on investment scores.
Reduces Friction:
 Personalized experiences streamline the customer journey by presenting relevant options and reducing the need for users to search or navigate in depth.
Enhances Cross-Selling and Upselling:
 Personalization can suggest higher-value products based on users’ previous behaviors. Furthermore, this increases revenue opportunities.
Data Insights:
 It helps companies generate valuable insights about customer preferences and behaviors, enabling them to refine strategies and offerings.
Competitive Differentiation:
 Brands that offer personalization stand out in the marketplace, differentiating themselves based on customer-centric practices.
Improves Customer Retention:
 Satisfied customers who receive personalized content and campaigns are more likely to stay loyal and continue their relationship with the brand. 
Adapts to the Digital Landscape:
 In today’s digital age, where consumers expect relevance and convenience, personalization aligns with modern consumer behaviors and expectations. 
 

 

Driving customer engagement (26%) and driving a completed purchase (26%) are the top reasons marketing leaders cite for pursuing personalization, according to 
Gartner
’s report in 2019. Consequently, driving brand loyalty (16%) and deepening customer relationships (15%) are other reasons marketers have.
 

“Obviously, customers want it. More than half, according to the Twilio 
report
, say they would become repeat buyers after a personalized experience (7 percent over last year), and more than 60 percent of leaders said customer retention improved because of their personalization programs. Even more, almost 70 percent say they will increase their investments in personalization in the coming year.”
Forbes
 

Essential Personalization Statistics
 

1.
 
66%
 of consumers expect brands to understand their individual needs.
2.
 
70%
 of consumers believe that how well a company understands their specific needs influences their loyalty.
3.
 
71%
 of customers are frustrated by impersonal shopping experiences
4.
 Personalization is the top priority for 
51%
 of marketers.
 

Get the latest growth insights

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent