URL: https://netmera.com/glossary/churn-rate/

What is Churn Rate? - Explained by Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Back to Glossary

Churn Rate
 

What is Churn Rate?
 

It is the total percentage of users, customers, and subscribers who have lost contact with the brand in a given period. 
The term refers to the rate at which customers stop doing business with a company or using a company’s product for a specific period of time. In addition, churn rate is typically expressed as a percentage and can be measured with customer attrition. 
For example, if a company uses subscription model pricing and has a total of 1000 subscribers users at the beginning of the month, but 100 users stop their subscriptions during the month, then the company will have 900 subscribed customers at the end. Therefore, the churn rate of the company will be 10% (10/1000). 
Churn Rates are important to measure for businesses because they can impact revenue, customer acquisition costs, and overall growth. In conclusion, having high churn rates can be a sign that the company is failing to fulfill customer needs or expectations, and may indicate issues with the product or the pricing. 
By monitoring the churn rate and identifying reasons behind high customer churn, companies can take important steps to reduce attrition and improve customer retention. Above all, this will ultimately grow their business.
 

“Losing customers can significantly impact the finances of your business, resulting in lower overall profits and a slower growth rate. According to Gartner research, retaining and selling to an existing customer is more cost-effective and profitable than acquiring a new one.”
Gartner
 

How to Lower Churn Rates
 

Several strategies can help businesses to lower their churn rates and improve customer retention. Here, we have collected some effective ways to reduce churn:
Improving Customer Experience:
 Ensuring to give your customers a positive experience can be helpful for lowering churn rates. Companies and brands can focus on addressing customer concerns, fixing their complaints about their experiences, and providing personalized support.
Offer Incentives: 
Providing rewards to customers who remain loyal to the brand can help reduce churn. This could include loyalty programs, discounts, or special promotions for long-term customers.
Enhance the Product or Service:
 Companies can work to improve their product or service to better meet customer needs. This could involve adding new features, enhancing usability, or improving quality.
Communicate With Your Customers Regularly:
 Communicating with your customers can help build strong relationships and keep your customers engaged. This could include email newsletters, social media updates, being active on social media, or personalized messages. 
Monitor Customer Behaviors: 
Tracking customer behavior and engagement can identify potential issues and take action to prevent churn. For example, if a customer stops using a product, the company can reach out to understand why and offer good solutions to their problems.
Offer Flexible Pricing: 
Providing flexible pricing options, such as monthly subscription prices of annual contracts, can help customers feel more in control and reduce churn risks.
 

Get the latest growth insights

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent