URL: https://netmera.com/media-entertainment-use-cases/

Media & Entertainment Use Cases

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Back

 

Banking and Finance

 

Food and Beverage

 

Media and Entertainment

 

Retail and E-commerce

 

Telecommunication

Top Media and Entertainment Use Cases
 

 

 

Media & Entertainment

Increase sign-ups
 

Send push notifications to users who have logged into the app but have not upgraded to a paid plan yet.
 

 

Media & Entertainment

Engage inactive users
 

Send push notifications to users who have logged into the app but have not upgraded to a paid plan yet.
 

 

 

 

Media & Entertainment

Increase CTRs with custom sounds
 

Use custom sounds to increase click-through rates by enhancing brand identity and capturing users’ attention.
 

 

Media & Entertainment

Tempt with an image
 

Add images to push notifications to increase the click-through rates.
 

 

 

 

Media & Entertainment

Gamification
 

Give away predetermined gifts or discounts to users to enhance app usage and engagement with Spin-to-Win. 
Then, send push notifications to remind users to redeem their coupons.
Pro Tip:
 Set up spin-to-wins to retain users and encourage purchases at the moment of cancellation. 
 

 

Media & Entertainment

Survey & Feedback
 

Understand the reasons behind subscription cancellations with survey or feedback widgets. Improve user satisfaction and platform development accordingly.
Also, measure Customer Effort Score and NPS easily with widgets.
Pro Tip: 
Use this feature as an app rater. Simply ask users to rate your app. Direct those who give a high rating to the App Store to improve your store rankings. 
 

 

 

 

Media & Entertainment

Better engagement with personalization
 

Personalize your communication to achieve higher engagement rates. Add a personal touch by including user’s name, favorite shows, or other relevant data. Keep updating them about their favorite content when a new episode airs. 
Tailored messaging creates a stronger connection, making users more likely to engage quickly and meaningfully.
 

 

Media & Entertainment

Renewal reminders
 

Remind users whose subscriptions are about to end to renew their subscriptions. Offer personalized discounts to motivate them even more.
 

 

 

 

Media & Entertainment

Never too late with exit intent
 

									Display exit-intent pop-ups when a user moves their cursor toward the exit area of the webpage to keep them engaged and offer services.								

 

Media & Entertainment

Help them subscribe with offers based on page views
 

Remind users with pop-ups or spin-to-win tools about campaigns while they are browsing or after reviewing packages to encourage purchases on the web.Remind users with pop-ups or spin-to-win tools about campaigns while they are browsing or after reviewing packages to encourage purchases on the web.
 

 

Contact us
 for more use cases tailored for your business
 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent