URL: https://netmera.com/glossary/geofencing/

What is Geofencing? - Explained by Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Back to Glossary

Geofencing
 

What is Geofencing?
 

Geofencing
 is a technology that allows the advertiser to identify a geographic point and create a virtual fence around that point. It is one of the methods preferred by advertisers due to higher conversion rates.
 

It is a method of location-based marketing that encircles a specific geographic area virtually with a “
fence
” using 
GPS
, 
Wi-Fi
, 
cellular data
, or 
RFID
 (frequency identification).
Geofencing enables marketers to launch a notification, message, advertisement, SMS, or email.
This technique is frequently used by companies to target customers in particular locations with pertinent and personalized promotions or offers. 
 

What's the Difference Between Geofencing and Geotargeting?
 

Geofencing
Geotargeting
Creates a virtual “fence” around a particular geographic area.
Involves targeting customers based on their locations and behaviors.
Works on narrowed-down, more focused areas. Captures users within 200 meters.
Sets a broad geographic boundary (a city, a town, or a country).
Depends on GPS, Wi-Fi, Cellular Data, and so on.
Depends on the user’s IP address.
Used by event agencies, business owners, advertisers, etc.
Used by almost every kind of business
 

You must take the following actions in order to use geofencing in your marketing campaigns: 
 

Define your target area:
 
Choose the precise location where you want to install your geofence. This might be close to your place of business, a store run by a rival, or a well-known gathering place. 
Set up your triggers:
 
When a user enters or exits the geofenced area, decide what to do. This could involve displaying an advertisement, tracking user behavior, or sending push notifications, in-app messages, SMS, or journeys. 
Create your marketing campaign:
 Create the marketing initiative, message, offer, or promotion that will be communicated to users as they enter or leave the geofenced area.
Launch your campaign:
 Launch your campaign and track the results to measure its effectiveness. Make adjustments as necessary to optimize your geofencing strategy. 
 

 Important Statistics
 

1. According to 
Markets and Markets
, the geofencing market is pegged to reach $1.8 billion by 2023.
2. 
72%
 of customers follow through to make a purchase if a powerful CTA is included in the ad. 
 

Get the latest growth insights

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent