URL: https://netmera.com/live-activities/

Live Activities

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

Leverage 
Live Activities
 to keep engaging with your users
 

Reach your audience directly on their lock screens with Live Activities for iOS, even when your app is closed.
Start and update Live Activities with push notifications thanks to Netmera’s API and SDK.
 

 

Request a Demo

Your browser does not support the video tag.

 

 

 

Keep your brand front and center on the lock screen
 

									Engage your users with Live Activities—real-time app experiences displayed on iPhone lock screens and Dynamic Islands. These updates remain visible even in Focus or Do Not Disturb modes, ensuring you stay connected with your audience.								

Foster customer loyalty with engaging app experiences
 

									Win over your users by helping them stay connected to what matters most—whether it’s live game scores, step-by-step delivery updates, or more. Keep them coming back by providing real-time, personalized updates that flow seamlessly, instead of relying on just static notifications.								

 

 

Execute your ideas in an agile way without wasting developer time
 

									Creating Live Activities from scratch can take months of engineering effort. With our prebuilt tools, you can implement Live Activities for iOS devices in just hours. Plus, don’t worry about industry changes thanks to regular releases from our team. 								

Fast, scalable, and reliable—all in a user-friendly API.
 

									Streamline development with Netmera’s proven API, designed for speed and efficiency. Rely on our industry-leading throughput to handle real-time message delivery seamlessly. We deliver millions of messages daily with 99.95% uptime. 								

 

How Industries Leverage Live Activities for Success
 

 

Delivery & rideshare
 

Users can monitor their order status and track when the driver is approaching.
 

 

Sports
 

Users can stream live in-game scores and highlights, and display a countdown to the game.
 

 

Fintech & crypto
 

Users can track gas fees, exchange rates, and stock prices while getting trade and wallet updates.
 

 

Fitness​
 

Users can stay updated with a group workout feed and leaderboard.
 

 

Media
 

Users can track the progress of latest news such as elections.
 

 

Travel
 

Users can monitor the status and progress of flights, trains, or subways.
 

 

Resources
 

 

Blog

						From Objective-C to Swift: Your iOS SDK migration and new engagement features					

Blog

						Live Activities: What is it and how to use it?					

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent