URL: https://netmera.com/customer-data-platform/

Customer Data Platform

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

 

Build Your Marketing With an
 

Advanced Customer Data Platform
 

Collect and unify customer data from various touchpoints. Fully control and standardize the data you have at Netmera. Leverage CDP to seamlessly analyze and utilize data. Personalize all marketing efforts, enhance customer engagement, and deliver more tailored experiences.
 

 

What is CDP (Customer Data Platform)?
 

A Customer Data Platform (CDP) is a software solution that collects, organizes, and analyzes customer data from various sources. It creates a unified and centralized customer database, allowing businesses to view their customers comprehensively across different channels and interactions.
 

Customer Data Enrichment
 

 

Secure Data Integration & Data Storage
 

									Netmera CDP uses data from various sources, such as websites, mobile applications, CRM systems to create comprehensive customer data profiles or transfer email, GSM numbers, and attributes. This integration includes both online & offline interactions.
								

 

Unified Customer Profile
 

The data collected from various sources is organized into individual customer profiles, providing a unified and 360-degree view of each customer, including demographic information, purchase history, preferences, and behavior patterns.
 

 

Real-Time Customer Data Analytics & Insights
 

									Harness and analyze customer data in real time, get invaluable insights into user behavior, preferences, and interactions.  Ensure that customer profiles are constantly refreshed and reflect the latest interactions and transactions. Make data-driven decisions for a sustained success.
								

 

Segmentation and Targeting
 

									You can segment customers based on various categories with Netmera. This segmentation allows businesses to create targeted marketing campaigns and personalized experiences for specific groups of customers using Netmera’s AI-based segmentation.								

 

Privacy and Compliance 
 

Netmera CDP prioritizes data privacy and compliance in its design. We are here to assist businesses in adhering to regulations such as GDPR and KVKK, 
ensuring responsible customer data handling
. What important to us is your privacy.
 

 

Automated or Bulk Campaign Messaging 
 

									Reach a wide audience quickly and efficiently through various channels such as email, push notifications, in-app messages, or SMS. Leverage the power of Netmera CDP to utilize more relevant and timely marketing campaigns and improve customer engagement.								

 

 

Create Unified Customer Profiles With Leveraging Data From Online and Offline Touchpoints
 

Gather data from all zero, first, and third-party data sources —websites, mobile applications, CRM systems, etc. Build in-depth customer profiles within an interconnected system using Netmera’s Web and Mobile SDKs.
Netmera CDP lets you combine event and profile data from online and offline sources through Web and Mobile SDKs and Rest API. Get real-time updates as your customers interact with your brand constantly and reflect the latest information.
 

Unified Profiles for Enhanced Personalization and Targeted Interactions
 

By providing a
 360-degree view
 of each customer, Netmera gives you a centralized and comprehensive compilation of customer data from various sources and interactions. The goal is to create a cohesive view of each customer, allowing businesses better to understand customer preferences, behaviors, and needs.
This unified profile enables more personalized and targeted interactions, improving customer experiences and more effective marketing strategies.
 

 

Leverage Real-Time Data for Automated User Segmentation
 

Create any segment you’d like or benefit from automatically generated predictive segments likely to churn or convert by
 Netmera’s AI technology.
By leveraging unified customer profiles, we empower businesses to deliver personalized content and cross-channel recommendations tailored to each audience. Netmera’s improved algorithms help you create AI-based predictive segments to customize, arrange, and target your campaigns for specific audiences. With the creation of targeted marketing campaigns, businesses can boost engagement and increase revenue.
 

 

Transform Your Marketing Campaigns with Seamless User Creation and Personalization
 

									Meet the targeted and efficient campaign management with Netmera CDP. Transform your approach to customer engagement by harnessing valuable data insights. Leverage the comprehensive customer data stored within the platform to personalize marketing messages, promotions, and content, resonating with individual preferences. Easily create segments based on complex user behaviors and user attributes.
								

 

Resources
 

 

Blog

						Automatic data capture: skip the ticket queue, launch campaigns same day					

Blog

						CDP vs engagement platform: A breakdown of combined capabilities					

 

Netmera is awarded the Best Marketing Automation Technology by MarTech Awards
 

Learn More

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent