URL: https://netmera.com/glossary/email-marketing-automation/

What is Email Marketing Automation? - Explained by Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Back to Glossary

Email Marketing Automation
 

Email marketing automation is a type of automation that automatically sends emails based on customer actions or timing.
 

What is Email Marketing Automation?
 

It involves using email marketing software or platforms to create a series of pre-written emails that can be automatically sent to subscribers at specific times.
Moreover, the purpose is to streamline communication with subscribers, nurture leads, and guide them through the customer journey. By setting up automated workflows, businesses or brands can deliver timely and relevant content, engage with their audience, and drive conversions. 
 

Examples of Email Marketing Automation
 

1. Welcome emails:
 Used to introduce a brand, to provide common and valuable information, or to set expectations. 
2. Abandoned cart emails: 
 Used to send reminders to customers who added items to their shopping cart but didn’t complete the purchase. In addition, these types of emails are set to encourage users to return and complete the buying process.
3. Drip campaigns:
 Used to educate and engage subscribers over a period of time to lead them towards any purchase or a specific action.
4. Birthday or anniversary emails:
 Used to send personalized emails to subscribers on their birthdays or anniversaries, often with special offers. 
5. Re-engagement emails
: Used to send emails to inactive subscribers to re-engage them and to encourage them to interact with the brand again.
 

Benefits of Email Marketing Automation
 

By leveraging email automation, businesses can save time, deliver consistent messaging, and provide a more personalized experience for their subscribers. It allows for efficient communication at scale and helps nurture leads, improve customer retention, and drive revenue.
It saves time by automating repetitive tasks, delivers timely and personalized messages, increases efficiency and consistency, nurtures leads through targeted workflows, and improves customer engagement and retention. Moreover, it ultimately helps drive conversions and revenue. 
The ability to deliver timely and personalized messages enhances the overall customer experience, therefore fostering stronger connections with subscribers. Moreover, by nurturing leads through targeted workflows, businesses can improve customer retention, keeping their audience engaged and loyal. This comprehensive approach not only increases efficiency and engagement but also contributes to the overarching goal of driving conversions and revenue through strategic email campaigns.
 

Get the latest growth insights

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent