URL: https://netmera.com/mobile-push/

Mobile and Web Push Notifications

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

Mobile & Web Push
 

Build strong relationships with your customers using 
mobile & web push notifications
. Send personalized messages at any scale.
 

 

Request a Demo

 

 

 

 

 

 

20+ Billion
 

Monthly Push Notifications Sent / Month
 

 

100%
 

Increase in Conversion
 

Welcome to the World of Engagement with Mobile & Web Push
 

Increase customer retention and conversion rates.
 

 

Personalized
 Push Notifications
 

One of the biggest challenges of large-scale notification deliveries is to address your customer one-on-one and reach them with content they genuinely care about. With Netmera, you can turn every click on your mobile and web services into a personalized interaction through targeted push messages.
As you increase the personal experience, 
you will make your users feel more special, making them more engaged with your service and be more active
, and thus significantly increase conversion rates.
 

AI-Powered
 Intelligent Targeting
 

Send your push notifications to all your customers at once, or target your customers by geography, demographics, and actions they take. Netmera’s improved algorithms help you create 
AI-based predictive segments to customize, arrange, and target your notifications for specific audiences.
With AI-based segments, you can also easily predict who is likely to churn or opt out based on past user behavior. You can create segments with the most relevant audiences for a product or content, especially for e-commerce and TV applications.
 

 

A/B Test
 

Not every notification will always do the job for everyone. Netmera allows you to test your push messages with different content on a small part of your audience and send them to the rest of your audience by 
choosing the most successful one.
 

 

Real Time 
Post Reports 
 
 

Netmera helps you monitor your campaign performance with detailed reports. You can see exactly how many people your post reaches, how many customers click on it, the number of conversion actions you set, and how much it earns you.
You can 
instantly track post performance
 from the reports screens and 
instantly retarget the users who clicked on the push or did not receive the push.
 

 

Recall Mechanism
 

Netmera helps you reduce the margin of error to zero. With the Recall Mechanism, it helps you instantly retrieve the incorrectly sent posts from all the devices.
Moreover, you can easily do this by retrieving the relevant post from the panel, without needing any help from the Support team.
 

 

 

Multi-Language Push
 

Engage with your diverse audience across the globe. Send notifications in multiple languages, break down language barriers, and ensure your messages resonate with your users, no matter where they are.
 

Geofencing
 

Send push notifications when users enter or exit physical locations. Draw geofences around stores, competitors, or event venues. Customers receive messages automatically when they cross that boundary.
Retailers trigger promotions when shoppers walk past stores. Banks deliver branch-specific offers when users enter neighborhoods. Define the area once, and entries and exits get tracked automatically.
 

 

 

Deferred Deep Linking for Web Push
 

Engage mobile web push subscribers with deferred deep links. When mobile users tap your web push notification, they open content directly in your app if installed or download it first. With Netmera’s universal link, route each subscriber automatically and track the complete journey from web notification to app installation
 

Resources
 

 

Blog

						Push notification best practices: Increasing CTR and conversions					

Blog

						AI optimization: Choosing the best push send time based on user behavior					

 

Connect better with your users
 

Request a Demo

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent