URL: https://netmera.com/telecommunication/

Advanced Customer Engagement Solutions for Telecommunication

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

Advanced Customer Engagement Solutions for 
Telecommunication
 Brands
 

Create personalized experiences for your customers to drive 
loyalty
 and
 customer lifetime value. 
 

Request a Demo

 

 

Journey
 

 

CRM & Billing System Integrations
 

 

Fast Push Notifications
 

 

In-App Messaging
 

 

Survey & Feedback
 

 

Real-Time Data
 

 

Funnels
 

The Market Leader in Telco Industry
 

Click to explore the apps that trust us.
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

Real-time Triggered Campaigns
 

With Netmera’s powerful segmentation and targeting, notify customers based on their 
behavior on app or events
 at backend real-time. You can easily offer data add-on when their internet quota exceeds %80.
 

Centralized Notification Management
 

Managing a variety of legacy backend systems can be a blocker for you and disrupt the user experience.
Netmera integrates with your existing systems such as CRM or Billing and offers you a Centralized Omnichannel Communication Platform with a
 Contact Policy Management.
 

 

 

Upsell and Cross-Sell Additional Services with Personalized Campaigns
 

									Tailor your campaigns and communication according to your customer’s needs, and segment them based on user behavior, interest, and demographics. Communicate with your audience the right way across channels.								

 

Run Your Campaigns in The Most Agile Way
 

Create and run your campaigns effortlessly with 
ready-to-use templates
 on our dashboard.
Craft beautiful and attention-grabbing widgets in minutes or use other design formats such as floating bar, teaser, pop-up, or feedback button
 without having to wait for the IT department.
 

Maximize Customer Experience With 
Survey & Feedback Features
 

Create survey & feedback pop-ups in seconds.
Collect valuable insights on Customer Experience and optimize it accordingly. Guarantee a high 
NPS
.
Ask your users to rate your app by redirecting users who rate well to the App Store.
 

 

Remind Customers of the App Capabilities
 

Remind your customers of the transactions they can perform through the application.
Guide them to the app for actions like 
bill payment, add-on data or SMS purchases, international packages while abroad
 with a push notification reminder.
Reduce call center expenses
 by encouraging customers to self-serve.
 

 

Increase Engagement and Nurture Loyalty with Netmera’s Journey Tool
 

Create 1:1 experiences that drive loyalty with the Netmera Journey Tool. Design the journey flows individually to every customer to increase engagement across channels. Use the power of automation to remind customers about their payments or campaigns and save time & resources.
 

 

Learn Drop-Off Points and Optimize with Funnels & User Paths
 

									Analyze everything within your campaigns step-by-step and understand your weak points with Funnels. Figure out the reasons behind drop-offs and work on what needs improvement. Make decisions with real-time data analytics.								

 

 

Drive Loyalty While Engaging Users
 

Offer discounts and giveaways with
 Spin-to-Win.
 Keep your users engaged and entertained at the same time. Proven to increase loyalty.
 

 

Complex Event Processing Integrations
 

 

AWS Data Pipeline
 

 

IBM Decision Manager Open Edition
 

 

Oracle Soa Suite
 

 

Microsoft SQL Server StreamInsight
 

 

Evam Continuous Intelligence Platform
 

 

 

Turkcell Digital Services & Solutions
 increased its Customer Effort Scores by 13% 
with Survey & Feedback.
 

Telecommunication and technology services provider Turkcell increased its customer effort scores with survey & feedback campaigns. With the help of Netmera’s drag-and-drop dashboard, the company could create and publish campaigns quickly and get instant customer feedback.
In just 10 months, the company increased its Customer Effort Scores by 13% and improved app store ratings by %50 while reducing churn.
 

Learn More

Netmera is awarded the Best Marketing Automation Technology by MarTech Awards
 

Learn More

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent