URL: https://netmera.com/denizbank-super-limit-case-study/

DenizBank Super Limit Case Study

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Maximizing new feature visibility: DenizBank leverages in-app messages & A/B testing
 

 

 

 DenizBank
 

DenizBank is one of the leading banks in Turkey. Since its establishment, it has been committed to innovation and technology.
MobilDeniz is a mobile banking application that enables DenizBank customers to perform their daily banking transactions quickly through their mobile phones.
 

 

Challenge
 

DenizBank wanted to promote a newly introduced app feature and boost its adoption. They aimed to do this by adding a story push to the quick menu area on the pre-login screen, the only space they could position within the application. However, these communication methods failed to highlight the feature’s benefits or capture user attention. Many users also struggled to locate the new feature within the app.
 

 

 

 

Solution
 

DenizBank decided that the most effective communication method for introducing the Super Limit feature to users was a pop-up that would appear as soon as the user opened the application.
They utilized 
In-App Messaging
 and 
A/B Testing
 to:
-Quickly design and publish in-app messages without relying on IT.
-Run A/B tests to find the most optimal screen for in-app message placement. 
By using Netmera’s pop-up product that can be positioned anywhere, DenizBank completed the design and integration through the panel and quickly introduced the Super Limit feature. They progressed by running A/B tests to determine where it could get the highest conversion by displaying pop-ups in different areas to introduce the feature to its customers.
 

Results
 

DenizBank A/B tested different pop-up placements on different screens of the app. They found out that the winning screen was the login screen. So they selected the login screen to display messages immediately upon app launch before users log in. 
 

 

Increased Super Limit application 
34K
 to 
357K
 since the start of this initiative in May
 

 

By November, the monthly average application numbers reached 
200K
 

 

CTRs increased by 
10X
 leading to an increase in the visibility of the Super Limit feature
 

 

Card sales increased by 
4X
 

 

KMH (Consumer Loan) sales increased by 
6X
 

 

Loan disbursement numbers increased by 
7X
 

Testimonial
 

“We used Netmera for the promotion of DenizBank’s new Super Limit feature. 
Its user-friendly dashboard and precise in-app message placement capabilities made it the ideal tool to 
reach users at the right place and boost awareness of our new feature
.
“
 

 

Yalçın Yalınkılıç

SVP – Digital Sales and Marketing
 

 

Check other stories
 

Blog
Tam Finans Case Study
Tam Finans Mobile re-engaged inactive users with automated, personalized campaigns, boosting monthly active users by 40%.
Read More
DenizBank Case Study
DenizBank cut bounce rates 41% and restored loan application completion to 10% using Funnel Analysis and targeted push notifications.
Read More
Fastpay Case Study
Automated push and data tracking doubled Fastpay's conversions. Comms efficiency rose 80%, and CTR 55%.
Read More
 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent