URL: https://netmera.com/careers/

Netmera Careers

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Make an Impact. 
 
Join The Team.
 

We are on a mission to empower marketers to create meaningful, cross-channel experiences for their customers and we’re looking for passionate, self-driven individuals who will grow with us and help others grow. 
 

See Open Positions

 

8+
 

									years of experience								

 

100+
 

									enterprise customers								

 

50+
 

									team members								

 

300+
 

									Web and mobile applications								

What we do
 

Netmera is an omnichannel customer engagement platform that provides personalized customer experiences. The platform allows digital marketers and product managers to 
increase revenue
 & 
ROI with mobile 
&
 web push notifications, in-app messaging, pop-ups, analytics
 and 
marketing automation powered by AI.
Netmera helps companies reach, convert and retain their customers.
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our Values
 

We Do What We Love
 

									We are passionate about our work and committed to our mission. We love our job and are lucky to work together with the people we love. The passion that inspires us to work together as a team toward a common goal drives us. 								

Be Curious and Learn
 

									We like discovering new things and developing new skills. We’re always trying to get better by being curious about learning new information and applying that information in our jobs. 								

Voice Your Opinion
 

We are in the same boat and we care what you have to say. Every member of our team has an equal opportunity to speak up and share their ideas. We encourage our employees to share what they have in mind and we want them to be comfortable. 
 

Embrace Transparency
 

Our management culture is open and transparent. We adopt an honest communication environment with all our team members, value each other’s feedback, and work together to improve ourselves.
 

Picture Yourself At Netmera​
 

 

 

 

 

What We Offer
 

 

Private Health Benefits
 

We care about you and your health. We want to make sure that you’re taken good care of. 
 

 

Competitive Salary
 

									It’s our job to make sure that your salary is enough to support your life and doesn’t get affected by high inflation. 								

 

Remote Working
 

									Future is remote. You can work from everywhere! We work together efficiently thanks to team tools and we are empowered to work remotely.								

 

Meal Compensation
 

									A good meal makes the brain work. We’re supporting you with a meal compensation plan that is well enough to get a good meal.								

 

Flexible Days-Off Policy
 

									We understand that you have a private life that sometimes needs attention. Take your time to complete your not work-related problems. 								

 

Great Workplace
 

									For those who love to join us at the office, we have a great workplace full of healthy snacks, good coffee, and a PlayStation. 								

 

Funnier Weekdays
 

									We take time to rest and have fun together as a team. Happy hours, parties, trips, and many more are waiting for you.								

 

Higher Education Encouragement
 

									We support our employees’ higher education by allowing flexible work schedules and offering financial assistance.								

Connect better with your users
 

Request a Demo

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent