URL: https://netmera.com/glossary/call-to-action/

What is Call to Action? - Explained by Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Back to Glossary

Call To Action
 

What is Call to Action?
 

									Call-to-action, abbreviated as CTA, refers to 
short messages
 that direct users to click a link or button. It is mainly preferred on websites, e-mails, and advertisements. 								

									Examples of the most common call-to-actions include 
“sign up”
 and 
“buy now”
. 

In Marketing, using “call to action” phrases often guides the potential customers to a desired action such as helping them to make a purchase, filling them a form, or subscribing them to a newsletter.

A call-to-action phrase does not have to be in text form. They can be in form of images, videos, or buttons and often placed on a website, a social media account, email, or other marketing materials.

One of the most important things to consider when using a call-to-action is to select the tone of voice. The language you should be using must be clear and direct, action-oriented, and must have a sense of motivation.								

Examples of Call To Action Phrases:
 

1.
 “Download our app”
2.
 “Take advantage of this limited-time offer”
3.
 “Don’t miss out”
4.
 “Act now”
5.
 “Get your free quote”
6.
 “Try it for free”
7.
 “Buy Now”
8.
 “Sign up for our newsletter”
9.
 “Register for our webinar”
10.
 “Get started today”
11.
 “Claim your free trial”
12.
 “Contact us now”
13.
 “Learn more”
14.
 “Join us”
15.
 “Subscribe to our channel”
Using these phrases will create a sense of urgency and can encourage your users to take immediate action. When used at the right place with the right tone of voice, users can be guided to a specific action and sales can be increased. 
 

Why CTA is Important in Marketing
 

Your marketing goals may include an increase in revenue for your company or brand, an increase in profit, an increase in subscription rates, an increase in social search, or increasing sales. 
CTAs in these cases, when used properly, can make your audience take immediate action. Getting contact information or boosting sales can be easy with a good CTA implemented on your website.
 

6 Tips for Creating Your Best Call to Action

 

Here are 6 tips to consider while you’re deciding on your call-to-action, according to 
Gartner
:
 

1. Define Your Goals:
 Decide what your goal is to come up with the best CTAs possible.
2. Keep It Simple:
 Visitors should be able to read your CTA and know exactly what you’re trying to get them to do. Make it clear and simple.
3. Lay The Groundwork:
 Make sure the call to action fits in with the rest of the page. Include your copy before the button so that the users can understand why they should be clicking the CTA. 
4. Make It Easy To Find:
 The call to action should be easy to spot. Consider including it on the upper portion of the page, or limit the number of CTAs you use to stand out.
5. Test Your Efforts:
 Consider A/B testing to see which CTA leads to more clicks and conversions.
6.
 
Don’t Let The Convo End There:
 Regardless of what your CTA’s goal is, you don’t want the conversation to end just yet. Use this as an opportunity to develop a long-term relationship with the visitor.
 

Get the latest growth insights

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent