URL: https://netmera.com/feedback-button/

Feedback Button

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

Get user feedback at the right time. 
 

									Stop making decisions with instinct, get user feedback without interrupting user experience, and make the right decisions.								

 

Request a Demo

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Why Feedback Button
 

 

Spot the pages that need improvement.
 

Know what your users think about your brand and easily prioritize where you need improvement.
 

 

Detect the issues and work on them fast.
 

Don’t wait for support tickets. Fix issues and problems faster than ever. 
 

 

Learn more about your customers and make the right decisions.
 

Understand your customers better and increase conversion rates and retention.
 

Capture Feedback Easily
 

									Want to know how easily you can get feedback? Click the blue feedback button on the right site of the page, and see for yourself.								

 

Trigger Automated Emails or Orchestrate Campaigns With Netmera
 

Whether you’re sending a single-send email or automating multiple campaigns, Netmera has everything you need. Send the right emails to the right customers at the right time with automation and increase open rates easily.  
 

Customize the feedback perfectly for your need
 

									Netmera’s highly customizable widget offers you the opportunity to create the feedback widget your customers will like instantly. With many templates available, the sky is the limit! Whether you want an emoji rating, star rating, number rating, or slider rating, you can choose the one you need and edit all elements you want to at Netmera Panel.								

 

 

Detect issues and bugs faster than ever 
 

									Don’t wait for support tickets, instantly know the issue and work on it. Errors can be detected faster thanks to the Feedback button.								

Why Netmera
 

 

Save Time and Money
 

									We’re the first omnichannel engagement platform with a feedback button add-on. While enjoying the benefits of customer engagement, you can also start collecting feedback from your customers.								

 

More Customizable and Flexible
 

Netmera’s feedback button provides more customizable and flexible design options than other tools. Numerous question types, different font options, and structures are available at Netmera!
 

Benefist
 of Feedback Button
 

 

Learn
  what your customers think about your brand, website, and products by collecting feedback easily.
 

 

Identify
 the right decisions with user feedback instead of making decisions based on instinct.
 

 

Create
 user segments based on answers given as feedback. Learn more about your customers to increase conversion rates and customer retention.
 

 

Not disturbing.
 Visitors can use the feedback button only when it’s triggered. Thus, it does not interrupt the page flow or affect the user experience.
 

 

Improve
 your web pages according to the feedback scores of your site by spotting the parts of the page they like or don’t like.
 

 

Detect
 errors that were not noticed before thanks to the feedback widget. Understand the errors and correct them with feedback. 
 

Emoji Rating
Number Rating
Multiple Choice
Slider Rating 
Star Rating 
Yes-No
Long Text
Feedback Options
 

 

 

Fill out the form to access the full feedback button showcases
 

 

 

Resources
 

 

Blog

						2026 mobile marketing strategies and the best tools to apply them					

Blog

						How to Ensure Customer Satisfaction Through Customer Surveys					

 

Connect better with your users
 

Request a Demo

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent