URL: https://netmera.com/travel-and-hospitality/

Travel And Hospitality

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

Advanced Customer Engagement Solutions for 
Travel
 &  
Hospitality Brands
 

									Create 1:1 travel campaigns for every customer across channels. Drive bookings and increase customer lifetime value.								

Request a Demo

 

 

Journey
 

 

Catalog
 

 

Advanced Segmentation
 

 

Funnels
 

 

 Site & Message Personalization
 

 

Real-Time Data
 

 

360° Customer
 

 

Ready to take off?
 

Orchestrate Flawless Customer Journeys
 

Every adventurer is special on its own. While some like peace and quiet, other craves a little excitement. Tailor your marketing campaigns based on user behavior, preference, location, and past and real-time actions.
Integrate everything across channels including push notifications, email, SMS, and in-app messages to create high-impact journeys with Netmera’s easy-to-use Journey builder.
 

 

 

Urge Users to Book With Price Alerts
 

Getting a confirmed reservation takes a little time. While your potential customers are considering their options, encourage them to take action
 with time-sensitive notifications about price changes, discounts, limited availability, or campaigns
 with Netmera’s Catalog Module.
 

Get More Revenue & Upsell with Advanced Segmentation
 

Understand customer behavior patterns to provide an individualized shopping experience. Upsell by 
reminding customers of additional purchases
 like car rental options, insurance, entertainment and upgrade packages. Segment your customers based on standard and custom profile attributes or events, and tailor your campaigns based on their preferences.
 

 

 

Convert Browsers into Travelers with Funnels
 

									Set up funnels to understand the reasons behind user drop-offs. Improve conversion rates and get more bookings. Know where and why your customers exit the funnel and identify problems. Never miss an abnormal increase or decrease with funnel anomalies. 								

Boost Reservations With Site & Message Personalization
 

									Personalize on-page elements and messages with Netmera’s simple dashboard. Show different hero areas according to different segments, tailor landing pages, and CTA’s based on user behavior, interest, traffic source, and demographics. Keep communication with your users across channels according to their needs.								

 

 

Powerful & Intelligent Data Analytics
 

Keep track of performance and control all metrics with Netmera’s powerful analytics features.
Track and compare events, access user insights through behavior analysis, and automatically calculate profile attributes to understand user engagement better. 
 

Gain a 360° View of Each Customer
 

Get a comprehensive view by accessing customer data from various channels in one unified view.
Access device info, online and offline behavior, message responses, preferences, location and so on. 
 

 

 

Moov increased open-app rates by %136 with mobile push and pop-up messages. 
 

Digital car rental application 
Moov boosted its open-app rates
 and 
sessions during
 its interactive campaign on New Year’s Eve with Netmera.
The time-based campaign started with surprise discounts, and as midnight approached, the discount rates kept increasing.
The company used pop-up messages and mobile push notifications to engage customers with possible offers. 
 

Book a Demo

Netmera is awarded the Best Marketing Automation Technology by MarTech Awards
 

Learn More

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent