URL: https://netmera.com/e-mail/

E-mail Marketing Platform - Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

Rediscover the Power Of the Mailbox
 

Make email marketing, one of the most popular, cost-efficient, and effective digital marketing methods an integral part of your multichannel communication strategy.
 

 

Request a Demo

Why Netmera Email
 

 

Drag-and-Drop Dashboard
 

 

Ready-to-Use Templates
 

 

Personalization
 

 

Advanced Segmentation
 

 

Real-Time Data Analytics
 

 

 

 

 

From inbox to impact
 

									Transforming Messages into Meaningful Moments								

 

Trigger Automated Emails or Orchestrate Campaigns With Netmera
 

Whether you’re sending a single-send email or automating multiple campaigns, Netmera has everything you need. Send the right emails to the right customers at the right time with automation and increase open rates easily.  
 
 

Craft engaging and creative emails that speaks to your customers 
 

									You can create effective emails with ready-to-use templates or design from the scratch. Netmera’s drag-and-drop dashboard will allow you to create engaging emails easily without the need for an IT support.								

 

Personalize with dynamic fields that grabs the attention of your customers
 

Make sure your customer doesn’t miss on your emails with personalization. Add dynamic fields containing personal information about your customers to the emails you create with Netmera and increase the number of email openings instantly.
 

 

Engage Subscribers with Deferred Deep Links
 

Send email campaigns with deferred deep links to grow your mobile app audience while driving conversions. When mobile recipients tap the link, they open promoted content directly in your app or download it first. Track complete journeys from email click to app installation to purchase. Make sure your customer doesn’t miss on your emails with personalization. Add dynamic fields containing personal information about your customers to the emails you create with Netmera and increase the number of email openings instantly.
 

 

Complete Your Customer Journeys with E-Mail Marketing
 

									Email Marketing is inseparable from Customer Journeys when it comes to creating personalized experiences for your customers. Nurture relationships and reach better results with high-impact journeys with one of the most important customer channels of all time: Email. 								

 

Rule all time-sensitive decisions with Netmera’s Real-Time Analytics  
 

Make sure your customer doesn’t miss on your emails with personalization. Add dynamic fields containing personal information about your customers to the emails you create with Netmera and increase the number of email openings instantly.
 

 

Resources
 

 

Blog

						Email marketing best practices: From segmentation to cross-channel orchestration					

Blog

						Deferred deep linking for mobile marketing: How it works and how to get it right					

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent