URL: https://netmera.com/turkcell-pasaj-case-study/

Turkcell Pasaj Case Study

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Success Story
 

Turkcell increases revenue by 150% with  
cart recovery automation

 

 

Turkcell Pasaj
 

Turkcell Pasaj
 is an e-commerce platform by Turkcell. Thousands of electronic products—including smartphones, next-generation technologies, home appliances, personal care products, gaming computers, sports equipment, music, and hobby products—are offered to customers with alternative payment methods and fast delivery/same-day delivery options.
With Netmera, Turkcell delivers daily mobile push notification campaigns to various audience segments. They also leverage behavior-based automation to ensure Pasaj products are promoted to the right users at the right time. Moreover, product purchase flows are dynamically tracked through Netmera, allowing further analysis.
 

 

Challenge
 

Turkcell realized that cart abandonment rates were high. They faced difficulties in converting users who left their shopping carts without completing a purchase. To boost purchases and sales, they aimed to reduce cart abandonment by automatically reminding users of the items left in their carts based on their behavior
 

 

Solution
 

They implemented a cart abandonment 
push notification automation
 triggered after a user leaves an item in their cart, encouraging them to complete their purchase with timely and relevant messaging.
 

Results
 

0

X

Conversion rates
 doubled from 4% to 8% after launching targeted push notifications.
 

0

%

Revenue: 
Up to 150% increase in monthly revenues.
 

Product
 

Push Notification
 

Marketing Automation
 

Topic
 

Cart Abandonment
 

Behaviour-Based Targeting 
 

Recognized by MMA SMARTIES Awards 2025
 

This work earned two 
MMA SMARTIES Awards 2025:
 Bronze in 
Customer Journey Marketing
 (SMARTIES MEA) and Bronze in 
Personalization
 (SMARTIES Türkiye), for its measurable impact on customer experience and revenue growth.
See details in our announcement.
 

 

Testimonial
 

									Netmera has significantly contributed to the growth of our e-commerce platform, Turkcell Pasaj. By implementing 
behavior-based push notification
 
automations
, we solved a major issue—cart abandonment. As a result, 
our monthly revenue increased by up to 150%
, and our 
conversion rate doubled
. Netmera’s segmentation and real-time tracking capabilities help us reach the right users at the right time with the right message. Plus, their Customer Success team also supports us with fresh ideas. Overall, Netmera has become a valuable partner for us.								

 

Deniz Ilgaz Ertem
 

Digital Communication Manager
 

 

Check other stories
 

Blog
Avis Case Study
Avis Türkiye raised login conversion 350% and 28-day retention 5X with automated pushes and personalized app experiences.
Read More
BiTalih Case Study
Bi’Talih increased retention rates 70% and doubled conversions by gamifying purchases with Spin-to-Win rewards and coupons.
Read More
Turkcell Case Study
Netmera's in-app survey & feedback solution improved Turkcell's App Store Ratings by 50%, increased CES by 13%, and reduced churn.
Read More
 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent