URL: https://netmera.com/glossary/growth-marketing/

What is Growth Marketing? - Explained by Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Back to Glossary

Growth Marketing
 

									Growth marketing, which is a data-based approach, is a type of marketing that aims to grow brands by providing customer loyalty.								

What is Growth Marketing?
 

The term 
“growth marketer”
 is used by many marketers, but what does it actually mean, and what they do?
It’s a strategy for drawing in, interacting with, and keeping customers that places a strong emphasis on constant experimentation as well as the distinctive, shifting motivations and preferences of each individual client. You can optimize your company’s growth quickly through a variety of channels, especially the ones that matter most to your customers, by developing and delivering highly tailored, individualized messaging aligned to their needs.
In addition to highlighting some typical situations where a growth marketing team can improve the user experience.
 

The Essential Elements of a Growth Marketing Strategy
 

Metrics such as customer acquisition rates, conversion rates, customer retention rates, and customer lifetime value can form the foundation of a growth marketing strategy. Today, growth marketers employ some of the most effective strategies to attract, convert, build, and retain loyal customers.
All of these strategies are frequently employed in the e-commerce industry, but they can also be helpful for businesses with physical locations.
1.
 
A/B testing
2.
 
Cross-channel marketing
3.
 
 Customer lifecycle
 

Examples of Growth Marketing Campaigns
 

1.
 Loyalty programs or campaigns
2.
 Referral programs or campaigns
3.
 Onboarding campaigns
4.
 Top of the funnel engagement campaigns 
 

 Types of Growth Marketing Tools
 

1. Landing Page Builder Tools
A landing page serves as a special tool designed to convert your website visitors into potential customers.
In the ancient era of digital marketing, developers undertook a heavy task to create landing pages, involving a complex and time-consuming process. Now, thanks to technology, we possess tools that can assist us. These tools simplify the page-building game, allowing marketers to create and launch pages without getting tangled up in intricate code.
2. Pop-Up Tools 
If you’re aiming to enhance your website’s performance and maximize lead generation, having a reliable popup tool is a logical choice. 
3. Marketing Automation Tools
A marketing automation tool is essentially a digital assistant for marketers. It streamlines and automates repetitive tasks in the marketing process, allowing for more efficiency and precision. These tools can handle a range of activities, from email campaigns and social media posts to customer segmentation and lead nurturing. The goal is to save time, increase productivity, and deliver more personalized and targeted content to the right audience at the right time.
4. Analytic Tools
These tools are designed to analyze, interpret, and present data in a way that helps you understand patterns, trends, and user behavior. In the realm of digital marketing, analytics tools are crucial for assessing the performance of campaigns, understanding website traffic, and making informed decisions to optimize strategies for better results. They essentially turn raw data into actionable intelligence.
 

Get the latest growth insights

 

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent