URL: https://netmera.com/data-analytics/

Data & Analytics Solutions for Powerful Customer Insights - Netmera

AI did the predicting, and Journeys did the convincing. UPTION's churn fell 16.6%. →

 

 

			Skip to content		

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Login

Get a Demo

    Copy .SVG
  

    Media Kit
  

    Newsroom
  

 

 

Powerful, Simple, Product Analytics 
 

Netmera’s powerful and intelligent analytics solutionsprocess millions of data to help you rule all the metrics and better understandhow your service is used to increase revenues, conversions, and active users through improving customer experience.
 

 

Request a Demo

 

52%
 

Increase in Conversion
 

Manage and improve your metrics such as activations, subscribers, and lifetime values.
 

 

76%
 

Increase in Retention
 

Improve your campaign strategy to boost leads, retention and conversions.
 

 

445%
 

Average ROI
 

Optimize your marketing performance firsthand with helpful insights and reports.
 

 

Use Data to Leverage Your Customer Engagement Campaigns
 

									Understand what your users do in your app or website. From funnel analysis to profile data, Netmera offers omnichannel engagement tools with behavioral analytics.								

 

Understand Your Customer
 

									Manage all metrics on your service to understand how your service is used. Easily access
 funnel analytics
 and screen flows to get detailed reports and insights on user activities, customer sessions and more. You can track, monitor, and analyze every action of your customers on mobile, web, and desktop applications.

 

Integration/Sources
 

									Netmera architecture allows you to visualize the data you need from any source and understand it. You can feed as much real time or asynchronous data as you want to Netmera via REST API or SDKs. You will save time and workforce by quickly linking your applications to data in your existing systems with easy integration.								

 

 

Data Privacy
 

									Netmera does not share your data with any third party organizations under Data Privacy. We ensure continued compliance with data processor obligations under GDPR. All personal data transactions are logged step-by-step and are available only to authorized users. All your data is protected with Disaster Recovery.								

Resources
 

 

Blog

						CDP vs engagement platform: A breakdown of combined capabilities					

Blog

						Essential mobile app metrics for engagement, retention & revenue					

 

Let’s create something amazing. 
 

Request a Demo

 

Subscribe to our newsletter
 

 

Products
 

Customer Data Management

Customer Journeys

AI Site Search & Browse

Web Personalization

Testing and Experimentation

Data & Analytics

Tagless Data Capture

Surveys & Feedback​

Funnels

Channels
 

Mobile & Web Push

E-Mail

SMS

Whatsapp

Mobile In-App

Web Pop-Ups

Live Activities

Feedback Button

Netmera AI

Industries
 

Media and Entertainment

Banking and Finance

Retail and E-commerce

Travel and Hospitality

Telecommunication

Company
 

About Us

Careers

Contact Us

Partners

Why Netmera

Newsroom

Information for AI

Resources
 

Blog

Glossary

Top Use Cases

Resources

Success Stories

Developer and User Guide

 

© 2026 — 
Netmera
. All Rights Reserved.   |   
Privacy Policy
   |   
Cookie Policy (EU)
   |   
GDPR
   |   
KVKK
 

Linkedin

 

Youtube

 

 

 

Manage Cookie Consent

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Functional

Functional

						Always active					

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences

Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics

Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

Marketing

Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options

Manage services

Manage {vendor_count} vendors

Read more about these purposes

Accept

Deny

View preferences

Save preferences

View preferences

{title}

{title}

{title}

Manage consent